Heavenly Father, today we put on the
full armor to protect us against attack.
We put on the belt of truth to protect
against lies and deception. We put on
the breastplate of righteousness to
protect our hearts from the temptations.
We put the gospel of peace on our feet
to walk in your light, peace, and
freedom with the Holy Spirit. We rebuke
anxious thoughts. We take up your shield
of faith for protection to block and
destroy all the darts and threats thrown
at us by the enemy. We put on the helmet
of salvation to cover our minds and
thoughts, reminding us that we are
children of a mighty king. We are
forgiven, set free, saved by the blood
of Jesus. We take up the sword of the
spirit, your living word that has the
power to demolish strongholds and is
sharper than any double-edged sword. We
come to you, Lord, in prayer daily. In
Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen.
Amen. That was beautiful. I love that.
Thank you.
Beautiful.
What's up you guys? Welcome to the
imagination. I'm your host Emma and
today I'm absolutely honored to
introduce you all to satanic ritual
abuse, mind control and organized abuse
survivor, whistleblower and overcomer,
public speaker, podcaster and podcast
host, entrepreneur, business owner and
visionary, award-winning international
human resource consultant and career
coach. Independent LifeWave distributor,
marathoner, weightlifter, child of God,
and all-around badass and inspiration,
Lynn Scott Hagermanerman.
Lynn's life is a testament to the
unyielding strength of the human spirit.
As a survivor of profound trauma, she
has transformed unimaginable hardship
into a powerful mission to uplift
others, advocate for justice, and shine
a light on the darkest corners of the
human experience. Her journey from
surviving childhood abuse to becoming a
voice for healing and empowerment is
both heart- rendering and inspiring,
offering hope to countless others who
seek to reclaim their lives. Born into a
world that would test her resilience
from an early age, Lynn endured
harrowing experiences of trafficking and
ritual abuse as a child. These traumatic
events, which she has bravely shared
through platforms like podcasts and
interviews, occurred in environments
that should have been safe, including
underground settings tied to
institutions of power. Yet, even in the
face of such darkness, Lynn's spirit
refused to be broken. Her survival is a
powerful reminder that courage can
emerge from the deepest pain, and her
story is one of triumph over adversity.
Lynn's path to healing was neither
linear nor easy. Confronting fragmented
memories of her early years required
immense bravery and spiritual fortitude.
She drew strength from deep well of
resilience, piecing together her past to
reclaim her narrative. This process of
self-discovery transformed her pain into
purpose as she emerged not only as a
survivor but as a thor, a woman
determined to help others navigate their
own journeys of recovery. Her candid
discussions about her experiences shared
through platforms like the Lins Scott
Hagermanerman Show on Rumble reveal a
woman who refuses to be silenced, using
her voice to expose systemic abuses and
advocate for the vulnerable. Beyond her
advocacy, Lynn is a multiaceted
individual whose life reflects a
commitment to service and creativity. A
serial entrepreneur, artist, and
visionary, she has channeled her energy
into diverse endeavors from content
creation to sound healing. Her work as a
podcaster and educator reflects her
passion for learning and uplifting
others, offering tools for healing and
empowerment. Lynn's ability to transform
her trauma into a source of inspiration
is evident in her advocacy where she
provides a platform for other survivors
and whistleblowers to share their
stories and find solidarity.
Lynn's mission extends beyond personal
healing to a broader call for justice
and systemic change. Her willingness to
speak truth to power, even at great
personal risk, echoes the courage of
those who challenge oppression in all
its forms. Through her interviews and
public appearances, Lynn has sparked
critical conversations about the
realities of trafficking and abuse,
urging society to confront uncomfortable
truths. Her work resonates with those
who have been silenced, offering hope in
a vision for a world free of
exploitation.
Today, Lynn stands as a beacon of hope
and resilience. Her journey from
surviving unimaginable trauma to
becoming a warrior for truth and healing
is a powerful reminder that light can
emerge from even the darkest places.
Through her advocacy, creativity, and
unwavering commitment to others, Lynn
inspires countless others to reclaim
their agency and find strength in their
own stories. Her legacy is one of
courage, compassion, and an unrelenting
belief in the power of healing. A legacy
that continues to transform lives and
challenge the world to do better. Before
I finish introducing today's guest, I
have just a couple quick reminders and
updates. If you'd like to be on the
show, if you'd like to share any
information privately with me, or if
you'd like to submit a written testimony
to be published on my Substack or my
upcoming book series, you can email me
at imagine a better world2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors at protonmail.com
and I will get back to you as soon as I
can. After a termination last year, my
new YouTube channel is finally up to
date, meaning you can now watch weekly
podcast premieres on there as well as
Rumble and X. Come hang in the chat with
our amazing community and moderators
every Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday at 6
PM Central time. And lastly, all my
links to keep in touch are in the show
notes. Please connect with me across any
and all platforms you're able to. And
all links to connect with today's guest
and to watch their previous episodes on
the show if they were on or any of their
own shows and links will be below as
well. Thank you all on the other side of
the screen for helping to make the
imagination the safest space on the
internet for survivor advocate educator
and whistleblower disclosures. Your
support means the absolute world to me
and to every other guest on this show.
So you guys, without further ado, please
help me in welcoming today's guest of
honor, voice for the voiceless, walking
miracle, survivor and anti-child abuse
advocate, powerhouse warriorist, friend
of the Holy Spirit, and a hero who
speaks to honor the many children who
did not survive and to be their voice.
The one, the only, Lynn Scott Haggerman.
Lynn, thank you so much for being here
with us today. It's such an honor to
finally have you on.
You are amazing. So, Emma, I think that
was the best introduction I have ever
had in my time of podcasting. You are so
gracious and such a beautiful soul.
Thank you so much for having me. It is
my honor and my pleasure and my joy to
be on your show today. I have followed
you from before I was able to speak
and now look at me. I'm speaking.
So, God bless you for having me on your
show. But that was a a beautiful
introduction
and you're worth every word. I hope that
there's more introductions like that the
more and more people have you on their
shows and recognize the incredible
miracle that you are. We're so lucky
that you're here today and that we get
to learn from you. Um, and so with that
being said, um, I am just so impressed
with everything that you've done in such
a short amount of time and the amount of
podcasts that you've gone on and done
yourself and all the public speaking
that you've done and advocacy. And I'm
really excited to talk about that today.
And nobody would ever guess that behind
this woman that we see right now, that
smile, this beautiful face, your outfit,
and your energy, that such a harrowing
story is behind all of that that you
overcame. So, I thought we'd start by
sharing a little bit about your
background and story and wanted to first
ask how this sort of got passed down to
you. Do you know how far back in your
own lineage this went and how this ended
up being perpetuated generationally in
your family?
Yeah, so that's a great question to
start with. Um there is uh uh was
generational pedophilia on my mother's
side of the family and as far as I know
it goes back
eons because you no one wakes up one day
and they're a pedophile. No, I mean it's
it's comes from what was done to them as
harmed as being harmed as a child. And
so my my mother was the one who sent me
to the child trafficking ring that was
in a neighbor's house. And she was the
one that sent me to the university
medical center where they experimented
on the children. She hated me from the
day I was born. Um she hated me in the
womb. She hated me till the day she died
a couple years ago. I'll never know why,
but I do know that she uh had to be
badly damaged as a little girl herself.
And why some people come out of this um
harming others and why others come out
not, I'll never know. But it definitely
comes um from that line. And what what's
interesting is when I was growing up um
around the family dinner table uh and
and we were I would call us lower middle
class socioeconomically
and um they would fondly tell stories
about grandma um about how she was
married at 13 and they were told so
fondly I I never stopped to think 13 you
know 13 I what you know and so uh her
story was my grandfather uh took her
behind a barn and uh she got pregnant.
So that makes him a pedophile and and no
one it it just the the denial the denial
and I understand it because I was in
denial for years too. It's a survival
technique. Uh but denial is so heavily
um in generational pedophilia. And so
did did my grandfather wake up one day
as a pedophile? No, it so it goes back
way far in that family line to create uh
my mother. Now, uh praise God it stopped
with me. That is a really great point
that you bring up. I see how ill trauma
informed society is all the way from the
medical field to the base of society.
And there's so many different
misconceptions about abuse and about
trauma and about really what creates
somebody who does bad things. I think
society does have that vantage point
that oh yeah that person chose to do
that and at some point they do you know
you can change and not hurt people at
some point you know we do become
conscious enough at some point even mind
control survivors their programming
starts to break at some point and they
can choose and some people don't so of
course there's choice involved but it's
like you said a child can't consent so
if a child is badly battered and beaten
and abused and goes through something
like what you did, you know, there's
very little chance for them to not have
to do and perpetuate those types of
abuses themselves and to not be
manipulated to the point where they
accept that as who they are and what
what they're meant to do to the next
generation through the family and
through grooming. You know, it's hard
enough sometimes and I think people
forget. You look at even dietary uh
preferences in families and you know,
weight and different uh different bad
habits that can be passed down
generationally. If if parents eat really
poorly and don't work out, a lot of
times their kids don't and it just
becomes this cycle and all of a sudden
it's genetics that cause this when it's
like no, you can change. you can be the
one to say, "No, I'm going to go to the
gym and and I'm going to not eat all
this crap food that my parents fed me
and I'm not going to feed it to my
kids." You know, and and so you can
break cycles. But when you look at a lot
of times even something as simple as as
dietary preferences and um habits that
are are in intergenerational in families
and how hard that is to break and how
far back that goes, you know, and then
you compare that to something like
abuse, manipulation, and grooming from a
child and you see that a lot of these
children just they don't stand a chance
against it. And I often wonder that too.
What separates the people, the majority
of the people who stay in these systems
and continue these cycles from the the
Linhagermanman's and the Juliet and the
Kathy O'Briens that for some reason you
guys are the ones that no matter how
many generations it went back it doesn't
fly with you and and you can always just
resist it and you know your spirits are
so unbreakable in that way but really
you know it's it's hard to see it's it's
once you see all the strongholds that
are put on somebody that goes through
this type of grooming and abuse. I mean,
it it it's an absolute miracle to me
that anybody gets out of it when you see
how much goes into keeping you in those
generational cycles. And so it really is
it's just it's an absolute miracle that
you're on this side now and you're able
to share about it, you know, and educate
us on sort of what creates this instead
of it being what people think is kind of
a random act of violence that somebody's
just crazy and and likes children or
likes to abuse. and they have no idea or
can't conceptualize the amount of of
training, conditioning, grooming, and
normalization of these horrific things
on a little child and how that can
eventually result in a monster whenever
they grow up. I mean, you're absolutely
right. Absolutely right. and Kathy
O'Brien will talk about the um how
through the Hitler Heimler research
during Nazi Germany uh the MK Ultra mind
control and MK is a German word mind
control um how they learned that with by
the time you have pedophilia in three
generations it is in the DNA
just to your point it's like being
overweight not exercising um at some
point it gets in the DNA. So they
discovered that um and then they
infiltrated our society too. I mean this
problem has been around since time
began. Um but they have made it so much
more horrific than before. So there was
definitely um long-term generational
pedophilia that harmed my mother. And
you know I believe the MK Ultra to your
point training is so um the training is
so intense and severe that
I what I find is people who listen and
God bless your audience for listening to
these to the stories. um they
if you can imagine try to imagine these
things happening to you and what would
you be like
right
and and then you people start getting an
inkling of um and it's not to to justify
any behaviors because as you said what I
discovered was um normally by the time
somebody was
9 10 years old they'd made their choices
so um by that age you know um in
Christian terminology we call it the age
of accountability. There's an age where
people definitely know right from wrong
and that's when they choose and they
they've set their path.
I think that that's a a really shocking
statistic too to talk about. You think
about, you know, a kid that's 9 years
old that didn't grow up in this
environment and their only concern for
the world is trying to play or going to
school and hang out with their friends
and doing homework. And you think about
the types of adult situations that these
very young kids have to contend with and
face every single day. These very mature
things that no adult I even know would
be okay having done to them or or or
having to decide, you know, these
impossible choices, these horrific
scenarios that they're that they're
forced into and these just absolutely
heinous abuses that they're subjected
to. But you're right, you know, if if if
any normal person that wasn't, you know,
that had a normal upbringing, I should
say, um, were to be put in these
situations, how would they be if they
were electrocuted, if they were
tortured, you know, forced to do things
and harm other people and watch people
be harmed in front of them? And you
know, it's it's just amazing to me that
on the other side of this, so many of
you come out of this with so much love
and empathy and compassion in your
hearts cuz nobody could blame you if you
would be just hateful and spiteful and
angry and man, we just we really have a
lot to learn from you guys. There's
people that haven't gone through
anything close to what you have and
they're just full of malice and hatred
and so toxic for our society and it
really seeps so deep in there where if
we were to just understand trauma and
how to undo it in ourselves, you know,
we could all have this really high
frequency
um space that we all live in, you know,
and providing that for each other.
Well, and I often wonder the people with
all of the anger now.
So, we know that um uh I I call it a
god-given gift. Um wiping out our
memories so we can quasi function in
society. And by doing that, um you don't
remember a lot of what happened. And I I
believe that that until the repressed
memories come, which can start beginning
in the 30s and beyond. Um statistically
um years ago there was a police uh
police data was um researched and they
found that reported crimes against the
children at that time it was 25% of
little girls and 10% of little boys had
been harmed. This was many years ago
police reports. Now, you know, Emma,
most of this isn't reported. And so,
um, myself, my trauma therapist, the
work I do, um, I would and my trauma
therapist agrees at least 50% of little
girls are being harmed or have been, and
25% of little boys. Now, I was recently
on a podcast of a ministry group that
helps uh, veterans with PTSD and anxiety
from combat. He said 80% of the people
who enter the military have been harmed
as children. 80%.
Wow.
80%.
And so when you stop and think about
these numbers,
I I'll tell people when you're at
church, when you're at Walmart, when
you're wherever you go, at a minimum,
every little girl you look at, I want
you to know she's being harmed as you're
walking through shopping or worshiping
right there. You know, church or not, it
doesn't matter. And at a minimum um you
know I would have educated guess 30%
along of little boys. Um however after
hearing the the military um folks talk
about that I'm I'm getting hardressed um
to to not think the numbers are even
higher. So, you know, I I look at today,
why are there so many alcoholics, drug
addicts, suicides, uh all these people
with anger issues? Well, either they
have remembered and they don't know what
to do about it and they just are
furious. Um or they have a piece of
their memory. I always knew something
was horrifically wrong with me my whole
life. I didn't know what it was. I had
5% of my memory. God wiped out 95% when
I was 5 years old and the trauma
stopped. And so I I knew something was
really really wrong. And it it caused me
to behave in dysfunctional manners. And
I never knew why because I couldn't
remember what happened to me. But I knew
that, you know, I had a terrible time
with relationships and connecting with
people and I never felt I belonged and
all these things that no one else seemed
to understand, but I did. So, I wonder
how much of what we're looking at are
trauma victims and um that need um our
our um support and encouragement and
reaching out to them with the tools that
we have, you know, when they're ready.
Um sometimes people just aren't ready
yet. But I I'm just starting to look
around and wonder and question at
everything I'm seeing. And I know quite
a bit of it too is MK Ultra. Um the
government has done an excellent job
with this and so many people are under
MK Ultra mind control which causes
triggers. You know I believe for example
the word Trump has been used as a
trigger word for people during their
programming because it's ridiculous what
we see. I mean it's just beyond the pale
makes absolutely no sense which is MK
Ultra too.
Yes. Absolutely. And that's a really
good analogy to ask of people to look at
their surroundings and to sort of hold
that space briefly for a moment instead
of just doing what you're doing. Look
around you and and realize how many
people statistically even if it was on
that low end. I think even 10% of the
people that we walk by or 5% could be
going through horrific abuse. I mean, we
should all be up in arms, you know, but
to to look at
20, 30, 40, 80% of our military
getting abused, you know, and that that
we're all just kind of, you know, having
these very surface level conversations
and not holding that compassion for each
other. And, you know, we have so many
missed opportunities of of sort of
reflecting and seeing what our world is,
you know, and and and being able to be
helpful and instrumental in bringing
awareness to that. Yes, absolutely. Uh
so that's part of my hope is that um
helping people to it's part of my
mission to understand um this is real
and it's happening and the scope and the
breadth um and what everyone can do to
help humanity because we have entered
the golden age. Um we are in the age of
um the great awakening. different faith
will call it different things, but we're
here and it's time for we the people to
take action to help with this, which you
know, God bless you for what all you do,
Emma, because you have been interviewing
survivors for so long and getting uh the
truth out in the light because that's
how we break uh that's how we break this
is by shining a light on the cockroaches
in the darkness because they've been in
the darkness enjoying themsel um for a
long time and uh no more, you know,
we're shining a light and they they
can't do anymore with which is why
there's so much exposure happening
because they're having to come out and
show their face and what we're seeing is
just uglier and uglier and uglier. You
know, for example, you take the last
Olympics and the pedophile show. Um, so
they're having to come and show their
face and they're they're not welcome.
This is not welcome,
right? and people like you are coming on
board and you know whether it's right
now or years ago um sharing your stories
and and being a voice for people and it
gives people courage to know that
they're not alone and to see what's on
the other side of that and that yes it's
scary to speak out. Yes, it's scary in a
lot of ways to talk about the hard
things in our life. But our worst fears
rarely happen and that there's a lot of
beauty and healing that can come from
speaking out and that you can do it in a
way too that that benefits other people.
I know you're not speaking out just
because of you. You're doing it because
there you know other people are going
through this and that they don't have
the opportunity that you do to speak
about it, you know. So I think too, you
know, commend commending you and others
for coming forward. That's helping with
the disclosure. It's giving people
courage who otherwise would have just
been at home harboring their trauma for
the rest of their life and never sharing
about it.
Absolutely. And from my background and
my perspective, um I have been in uh
very deep healing since 2011 when the
first repressed memory came. And um one
tool uh if I can call it that for my uh
deep healing is um God the Father and
the Lord Jesus Christ and Holy Spirit.
And I always knew that one day I would
be giving my testimony.
And I could not in a million years when
when I was in healing have imagined it.
And as a matter of fact, um I would
never have spoken myself until God said,
"It's time." Because then I knew I was
healed enough. Because if I would have
tried to have spoken before it was time,
you and I couldn't talk. I'd be in a
heap crying melt mess. Um could not have
done this. could not have
remotely been able to do this. And so I
I kept working hard and I still do. I
work very very hard on my healing and my
trauma recovery very hard and I'm sure I
will for the rest of my life because
what happened to me was so heinous and
happened for so long. Um but um so
before I started speaking I uh I had a
vision of how I would give my testimony
Emma and it went like this. I thought,
okay, I'm going to hide speak and I'm
going to do that by going in churches
with 10 members
and I'm going to speak and then I'm
going to run and leave. So that was my
vision before I started before I started
speaking. And then in um so I'm going
along in healing and I've had a
marvelous um God-filled uh Christian
therapist um who's a national trauma
therapist helping me. I' I've seen her a
minimum of once a week um since before
2011. But uh so I I get healing and
healing and healing. And one day in
January of last year, God says, "It's
time." And I'm like, "Time?" And time to
start giving your testimony. I'm like,
"Oh, really? You think you think I'm
ready?" And he said, he goes, "Yes,
you're ready." And so I was seeing my
therapist that day and I asked her, I
said, I mean, not that I wouldn't. I do
I I I love the Lord. And I try to do
everything he asked me to do because
it's always marvelous. And but I asked
my therapist, I said, "What do you
think?" And she goes, "Yeah, it's time."
Well, she knows me possibly better than
I know myself. So I thought, "Okay." So,
you know, in my mind came the uh church
members with 10 members. Hi, give my
testimony concept. And so I ke I kept
praying about it. And um I in January of
last year, God had me start on the
Lifewave patches. And when I uh started
those, it decreased my anxiety and PTSD
by 70%.
Which which was astounding. And uh at
that time I had um uh so I'm I I sell
them myself now because the Lord asked
me to to help other people and which it
does. But at that time um Michael Jacob
is a podcaster. He's a former CIA and uh
Navy Seal and he uh has this show where
you can tell about miracles that happen
from using LifeWave technology. And so
uh they're on Monday nights and one
Monday, this was on March I was still
waiting for the Lord to show me the
little 10 member churches to speak to.
And on uh on March 4th of last year that
morning, God said, "I want you to speak
for on Michael Jacob show tonight." And
I'm like, "God, no. No. That can't be
the plan. You know, you know, he's got
like 120,000 people. You You can't I'm
supposed to hide and give my testimony.
And God's like, "No, this is where I
want you to speak for the first time in
my life." You know, I mean, I never told
anybody, you know, I And so, but I love
the Lord because he helped me survive.
And so, I'm like, "Okay, Lord." And I
was so scared. And I wasn't scared to
speak my testimony. I I was scared that
I wouldn't honor the Lord the way I
wanted to.
And so, um, like an hour before the or
30 minutes before the show, five minutes
before the show, anyway, I was with my
therapist and I told her what God said
and she goes, "Do it." And I'm like,
"Oh, you think you think I'm ready?"
She's like, "Do it." You know, God said
to do it, do it.
Oh, that's so cool. So I went on the
show and you know shaking I five minutes
I gave my testimony and you could have
heard a pin drop because not many people
say what I say you and um so Michael
Jacob looked at me he goes I want you on
my show just like that I'm like wow and
so the next thing I knew on 42424
which the same numbers forward and
backward the great reversal what was
will never be again um I spoke on his
show and gave an hour testimony It was
the first time I given, you know, a full
testimony and then bam, you know, I'm
off and running. Like you said, I've
been on several shows, several podcasts,
started my own, but this is the God I
serve. Um, so when you were talking
about people speaking from, you know, I
I can tell my story. I mean, people need
to pray and do however they're led or
whoever they listen to to get their
information. Um, loved ones, friends. Uh
but for me when um I'm glad I didn't
speak before the Lord told me to speak
because I wouldn't have been able to.
And since then I've you know Kathy
O'Brien's become a good friend and
she'll say the same thing that if people
come out too soon too soon and speak
they'll get triggered and go back to
hide. Um and so you know I I haven't I
mean I still get triggers. Yes. But but
um but you know when you were talking
about people sharing that's that's you
know how it all started and every time I
speak I do I heal a little bit more and
I heal a little bit more and every time
I speak uh normally somebody will email
and you know ask for this is happening
to me and how can uh you know how help
me what can I do or or I want to help
you Lynn how can I help you and each
time I hear someone from someone that I
can help or that wants to support me. I
heal a bit more because when I was
little um I helped other children
survive and that made me feel really
good. And so now I'm doing the same
thing. I'm back to I'm no longer I call
it social isolation. I always had my
businesses, so I was always like wasn't
like I was sitting here alone in the
house, but socially I stayed isolated
and and now I'm back to
helping people survive and helping
people to live and not give up. And I
love that. And for the first time, I'm
getting supported by other people
because, you know, I never had that when
I was little. You know, I I could have
cried and I I tried a couple times, but
I was punished so severely I quit. But
by the time I was six months old, I
stopped crying. I I would never have
asked for help uh because it was never
received. So I learned to be independent
and not trust anyone and not ask for
help. So now you know I have people
reaching out asking me how can I help
you? I mean it's just it's just so
beautiful what once you're ready to
start sharing the doors that are opened
and the beautiful experiences in your
life um people will treasure. So, I want
to encourage everyone um when you know
you're ready, um speak.
Amen to that. And little Lynn would be
so proud of the woman that you are and
that you're the leader and the parent
and sort of the, you know, the protector
that she never had. You turned into that
and that's a really beautiful gift to
give yourself, you know, in this
journey. uh an addition to everything
that you're giving to everybody else.
What a beautiful way to honor the child
that you were by becoming the person
that that you didn't have growing up.
And that is just I mean for people
listening, I know jaws are going to be
on the floor thinking about at 6 months
you had to make the decision not to cry
when most people for one don't even
remember being 6 months old, but for two
that's all you do when you're 6 months
old as a baby is you cry. And so, you
know, going back to one of the the
things that I said, you know, these
impossible choices that these very adult
and mature and just, you know, horrific
choices that that you have to deal with
while being in these types of families
and environments. And so, your abuse uh
your abuse really started right after
you were born, right?
Yes. So, whenever I was born, my mom
sent me to the um child trafficking
house that was at a neighbor's house.
And these child trafficking houses are
all over the United States, in every
town, I guarantee you. Um and in every
town worldwide. Um so, this was in um uh
that it was a I'll call it a regional
trafficking house.
And people would come I would I remember
people um in religious garb politicians
law enforcement these were the customers
law enforcement doctors businessmen
women
all walks of life would come to the
trafficking house and
whenever I was um a a baby um I the
torturing began and it's a for people
and I know your audience is pretty well
educated But um they they find if you
can imagine a child being in the hands
of a monster with no conscience. Um many
of them I don't believe had souls. Um I
believe they've already given them to
Satan. But they and then they get a
child. Anything their
evil, horrific minds can dream up to do,
they can do because there's no one to
stop them. Now, I had a home to go back
to. So, they couldn't kill me. And there
was only so far I could be physically
and mentally tortured, but I saw so many
children come through the house that,
you know, I don't know where they came
from. I'm sure they were uh kidnapped.
I'm sure they were maybe sold by their
family. Um we see uh you know we know
that there are um um women who are
kidnapped who are used as breeders um to
create the children for the trafficking.
And so whenever I was little as a baby
um they I would go over there and be uh
physically and mentally tortured. Um and
by physically um I was rarely given food
and uh or anything to drink um for my
whole first five years of my life, which
makes it challenging as an adult with
with food. But um so yeah, so by the
time I was six years old, you know, I
would babies cry. So of course I would
cry. That's what they do. But um those
of you with little ones, I I I am a
voice for the voiceless. I'm here to
speak for the little ones because they
don't have a voice. They can't talk like
me. And try to imagine those of you with
your own children or grandchildren,
nieces, nephews, a six-month-old that no
longer cries and and they're um it's
it's unfathomable to people, but that's
what it's like in a trafficking house.
So, I um stopped crying and effects of
that. I remember when I was 18 months
old, um I was at the top of a stairs
with a bunch of kids and someone pushed
me down the whole flight of stairs and
whenever I landed at the bottom, I broke
my shoulder and I never cried. Never
cried. Now, picture picture um so I'm
I'm trying to again I'm a a voice for
the little ones. I want people to
understand what it's like from a little
one standpoint. So, picture an
18-month-old that you know falling down
a flight of stairs and they hit the
bottom and they don't cry. You know,
picture them being t I I still remember
the car ride and I remember my mom
fascinated by the fact that I didn't
cry. She kind of enjoyed it. Um because
she was just fascinated at the amount of
torture I'd been through that would
create the ability in me to not cry. And
she would tell the story kind of fondly.
It was one of those fond memories at the
kitchen table during dinner time. You
know, remember the time Lynn, you broke
your shoulder and I was so amazed you
never cried, you know. So, as an adult
now, I'm like, but anyway, so I didn't.
And she she will fondly talk about how I
sniffled once, maybe twice, and that was
all she ever heard of me. So, so you
know, people don't cry or I didn't cry.
The the ones who cried didn't make it.
I'll put it to you that way. Um I
remember when I was um 2 years old. So
my mom hated me um deeply and whenever I
was 2 years old um she for the for the
most part she um did not do much of the
physical torture um but the mental and
emotional torture. And I know that
that's part of the because it takes
conditioning and programming to um make
children
be able to be tortured like they do with
us. So they taught my mom what to say
and what to do to make sure that I was
fully conditioned. Um and she was glad
to do it.
Oh my gosh. And so these adults that
were sort of running this operation at
this house, you said there's tons of of
other adults flowing through um there's
other children there. Where did these
adults were they part of MK Ultra or how
did they learn these techniques and how
many other children were they doing this
tail? So droves an unimaginable you know
I was there for 5 years unimaginable
amount of children. the um the people
who lived in the house. There were u
grandparents and a couple and then they
the couple had many children. That's who
lived in the house. From my memories,
I'm very confident that the grandfather
that was in charge was ex-military or
current military and um because of the
torture techniques that he would use
were um
uh a lot were very military oriented. Um
but they ran the house and then um it
was a regional hub for people to come.
So there were adults coming through all
the time and children coming through all
the time. And the children um other than
uh myself there were no regulars except
um the children of the parents who lived
in the house. Um other than that there
was a constant flow of children and tons
and tons and tons of children and um um
some of them made it and left for
whatever other places they were going to
be sent to. Um some of them um were
buried in the yard. So, I've always said
to people, my dream, there's a a machine
um President Trump had said that he
wanted to return all the children to
their parents. And there's a a machine
that will um discover bones like um
archaeologists will use it and uh I
looked into this uh you can rent it for
like a thousand. It'll come to mind, but
it's um it's like a scanner like people
hunt for gold or silver or coins or
something. It's like that, but it's for
bones that archaeologists use. And so my
dream is that the neighborhoods will get
together, especially the older ones, and
rent that together. It's like a thousand
bucks a month, check everybody's yards
and basement because that's how I think
we're going to bring a lot of the
children home is to dig up the yards and
find their remains. Um although I know
some of them are cremated. Um but uh so
children would be buried in the yard and
then so many too were sent to the
university and um at the university they
were separated into children that had
homes to go to and those that didn't and
the ones that didn't have homes were
ultimately executed in the end. So um
that that was yeah my childhood.
Oh my gosh that's so horrific. You know
all the people and so many adults are
there and not one stood up to protect
these children. All were predators and
that's horrific. You know, we talk about
the amount of people and the percentage
of of children that are abused, little
kids that are abused,
and now we have to think, you know, when
you hear about situations like this, it
it makes my my mind go, how what's the
percentage of people that we walk by
every day that are predators that are we
walk by these people in the grocery
store and then after they leave, they're
going to a home like this and renting a
child or torturing a child or maybe it's
their home that they're going back to
that is housing these different children
that are used for these things. You
know, it's just it's horrific to hear
these stories and to think about all the
people that could have made a difference
that didn't and that they just walked
idally through there, went home, did
whatever they were going to do after,
and you know, their secret was buried
with them and and that this just
continues to just be perpetuated.
It it is. So, um I'm I'm glad you went
there because I haven't had that I can
remember a podcaster go there yet, but
um yes, that's on my mind, too. And it's
a topic that just adds to the um
horrificness of the whole topic. But if
you think that so in the United States
um the FBI, who's part of the problem,
um admits that we uh 800,000 children,
they call it lost like a set of car
keys, but they're kidnapped, um
executed, raped, tortured, 800,000 just
in the United States alone year after
year. So that would be as if um Kansas
City filled up with children and then
they disappeared one year and it
refilled up and they disappeared or
Atlanta or uh you know any big town um
worldwide it's the size of Hong Kong. So
it's as if Hong Kong filled up with
children and they all disappeared
each year and came back and disappeared.
So there are a lot of children
and so you think about the number of
perpetrators
it has to be my educated guess um I
would put it 50% of the population I
really would 50% at least there was a um
church survey that was done in um
churches and this again was gosh maybe
15 years ago and at that time 66% of the
men looked at porn
and 33% of the women. So, um, what
people
think about one day they do and that
included child porn.
So, people for a while will look at porn
and then that's not good enough and then
they have to go out and become a
perpetrator. So, that's part of the
problem too. So, there is you my prayer
I have a prayer that I say all the time
is or often um I would like uh tattoos.
So, I would like a big P for ped I would
like, this is what I I asked the Lord to
do. I would like a big P for pedophile.
So that way we know who we're dealing
with. You know, R for rapist, T for
thief. Just so that way we've got a good
understanding of who this person is that
we're with. Because I believe there
would be significant change um in
leadership and who we all hang out with
if we were fully aware. And you
mentioned too that people do these
things and go home and no one knows.
Part of my background is um I lead a
very spiritual life and whenever I was
little, God was always there and Jesus
was always there and there were angels
and demons and I went to heaven a lot
and I still do. I still see God. He's
still here. I still see Jesus now. I see
Holy Spirit because I'm a born again
Christian. Holy Spirit was not there
because no one there was a born again
Christian. And um I still go to heaven.
So, I live a very uh spiritual
supernatural life too as a result of
this. And these um evil people think
that they're doing these heinous things
to children. They wouldn't call it
heianist. That's my word. And uh behind
closed doors where no one knows, but God
is there and he does have a book. It's
mentioned in Revelation. And he writes
in the book because he sees everything
that's going on and knows exactly what
they're doing. and they will be judged
for that in this world um or the next or
both. So they and it always astounded me
that they never saw those things but of
course they couldn't because um they
worship a different god. They worship
Satan. Um but yeah he God is fully aware
and he was there fully helping the
children.
Yes. And one of the other shocking
things that that you brought up is
thinking about somebody who you know we
go back to military and how many the
percentage that could have been abused.
But then you look on the other side and
how perpetrators can also be hiding in
the military. And that is just shocking
when you hear these stories and that I
think the other thing that society is
hung up on is we see these Hollywood
movies that portray kidnappers and
traffickers to be sort of these like
gritty looking homeless people that you
could point at and be like they're
definitely a predator. When in fact they
are people that are in our military.
They are people that could sit in
courtrooms and that we vote for in
politics and that could be the the
pharmacy in our the pharmacist in our
community or the grocery store owner or
the butcher, whoever it is. You know,
these are usually pe people that we walk
by every day and and sometimes even
really respect. These aren't your
typical, you know, people that you'd
look at and be like, "Oh, they look
creepy and they're a predator." These
are people that, you know, we tend to
hold in high esteem and that look
completely normal to us. And it's just
shocking to hear that that's in your
story as well.
The pastor, the teacher, the law
enforcement officer, the military
personnel, the Yes. the business owner,
the um all walks of life. There's no So
the area doctor was in the trafficking
house. He would give the drugs to the
children. And so it's everybody. It's
there is not any part of society that
this hasn't touched or impacted. Um
which is why part of what I like to
speak to is uh warning to the parents.
Um this is so prevalent and it only
takes a second to permanently harm your
child and ruin your life for the forever
too because the child is so severely
harmed. Um, it's what will lead to the
alcoholism, the drug addiction, the
suicides, the prison, the all of these
things. Um, that's why when pedophiles
are in prison, they're normally executed
by the inmates pretty quickly because
practically all of the inmates were
harmed as children and adults make their
own choices, but eventually that, you
know, can lead to the things that got
them in prison in the first place, too.
But they do come from all walks of life.
And so when you know I'll see children
uh parents just let their children stay
at a neighbor's house or you know their
best friend's house. Well, you don't
know. You don't know. You you honestly
don't know. And you don't and you don't
know the uncle that might come visit or
the cousin that might come visit or you
don't know what that their brother has
just been through that he's going to
bring home. You don't know. And I'm very
very worried about the MK Ultra that the
parents are under um letting their
children just uh the the the great
amount of trust. This is not the time
for this this age that we live in with
all the exposure. It's uh I I believe
this could start being curbed more if
the parents would um protect the
children.
Absolutely. You know, and and another
thing your story corroborates is
unsuspecting locations. You know, a
house in a normal community or what
would look normal, a house that people
probably drive by and see all the time
and could never imagine what was going
on in it. And then you mentioned a
university being children being taken to
somewhere like a university and being
tortured and and put through these this
conditioning when this is supposed to be
a safe space that students can go learn.
and that is usually acclaimed and you
know people pay a lot of money to go
there not knowing that there's these
really horrific things happening right
on the same campus at the same time at
such a deception. Can you talk a little
bit about your conditioning? What were
they using you for and at what age were
you starting to be taken to this
university?
Sure. So, as far as I know, um, it could
have been as early as 2 years old, but
definitely by 3 years old, I was taken.
And I have memories of a man from the
government coming to the house and mom
writing him a check um to take me to
camp. And I'll put that in air quotes.
That's they called it camp. And uh, I
believe that was part of mom's um,
delusion of because she knew exactly
what she was doing. But I believe that
was part of the makebelieve world to try
to justify what was what she knew she
was doing to me. And so then the
government um person and of course now
when I say government we have so many
documents that have been between Kathy
O'Brien um and she'll talk about the CIA
MK Ultra mind control programs. Uh Dr.
Julia Engel. Um she'll talk about in
December of 2024, the uh National
Security Archive released 1,200 pages of
never before released CIA documents
about what was happening at the US
University medical centers. And I gave
those to Kathy O'Brien because so much
information can be regurgitated.
And so I asked her, you know, she's seen
everything, all these documents, because
she testified in before Congress. And I
said, Kathy, I said, "Are these new or
is this old information?" And she looked
and she said, "This is brand new." She
said, "I have never seen this before."
So, it is brand new information and
people can go there, the National
Security Archives, and they can see it.
But in it, the CIA admits to um taking
the US University Medical Centers and
building annexes on as well as tunnels
um to torture US citizens. They admit to
it and their purpose of the torture was
mind control. They admit to that and as
a matter of fact, you know, Kathy
O'Brien was under oath, I think maybe in
the 80s talking about that, but it's
still going on. It is still, they have
not stopped because when the CIA was
called before Congress and they admitted
to it, they said, "Oops, never mind,
didn't mean it." And they got a slap on
the hand, no accountability. And so it
continued. But in these documents, it
will uh it names universities and uh you
know your viewers have named
universities. There's a whole list now
going on and frankly I'm going to say
every university by now and worldwide.
I've heard too many. I've seen too many.
I I am hardressed to believe that any
are exempt from this. So our tax dollars
built these facilities and in these
facilities the CIA said their whole
purpose was to do mind control. So
again, you get back to um World War II
that we lost and our government imported
the Nazis. Dr. Juliet Engel will talk
about that because her family is the one
that imported the Nazis and they put
them in every part of society including
our medical system for this part of our
conversation and the universities.
So the CIA wanted to experiment doing MK
Ultra on US citizens, adults and
children. So they used our tax dollars
to build these facilities. The
universities were glad to do it. Money,
you know, I just think I I have a
podcast on my show. I call money, money,
money, money. Because I saw myself sold
for money all the time. I saw the other
children sold for money. the the belief
system people have about this love of
money is is incomprehensible to me that
there's something they think they can do
with money that is so wonderful that
they're willing to uh torture and murder
and execute fellow human beings. It's
it's beyond the pale
um incredulous to me. So in these
government facilities um they the CIA
started recruiting um medical
professionals and they'll talk about in
the documents they only wanted the best
of the best in the United States. They
wanted the best of the best to do mind
control experimentation on US citizens.
They'll talk about how they started
going to the medical professionals and
at first a few were like this doesn't
sound ethical you know torturing US
citizens. I mean it doesn't doesn't
sound right government but they found
that the vast majority were more than
willing to participate in these
experiments because to further science
and go where no man had ever gone
before. You'll hear that a lot which you
know implicates to our um you know
that's a star old Star Trek phrase which
implicates to Hollywood in all of this.
Um so they started the experimentation
and that included the children. So
whenever I went, the government employee
CIA came to get me and I remember being
put in a car and I was drugged, knocked
out and hooded. So when I got to the
university, now here's something that I
find um this is this is the God. This is
God. This is the God we serve. They
thought that they could um
electrocute my mind and drug my mind to
where I would never remember this. and
and then they they thought even if I did
remember I wouldn't be able to speak and
and then if I w would would be able to
speak nobody would listen or believe me
um you know but God see they they don't
have God they have they a lot of them I
believe are soulless um they worship
Satan if they worship anything so they
don't count God in this so whenever I
because as an adult when I remember this
it was so easy for me to research and
figure out which university it just it
was just so easy because I could see it
because when you go through this torture
you you have a photographic memory
photographic memory all your senses
matter of fact whenever I'll have a
repressed memory come back often with me
through a body memory I can see I smell
it I see it I taste it I you know all
the senses I can feel it physically my
body will morph I'll have wrist
restraint show up I'll have IV marks
show up I'll I mean I my body will morph
into what it was like then and that's
part of how I remember. So, so I I I
know exactly where I was. And um so when
I would arrive there, there were
children everywhere. I mean, tons of
children at this university. And we were
taken to what appeared uh what would be
the performing arts center. And the
children um that were with me, I don't
think any of them were over probably
seven years old, I would think, at the
oldest. And um they were everywhere. And
I remember women like when you go into
um uh the performing arts, you know,
there are adults organizing everyone
like if you went for a show. So there'd
be adults organizing the children and
the ones who did not have a home to go
to were put in this area and the ones
who did have a home to go to are put in
this area. And then the next thing that
happened would be um we would be on the
stage performing for the pedophiles and
well money changing. So the little girl
in me would call it the money changing
tables because there would be tables set
up like you'd see the foldable tables
anywhere you go for an event to collect
money and the pedophiles would arrive
and they would pay the money and so
you'd sit there and you I was
perpetually watching myself be sold. I
matter of fact to this day money can be
a really big trigger to me. I I have
lots of things I do to help myself with
that but um that that's still a pretty
bad one. And uh so they would pay and
everyone would take their seats and then
the children would perform on stage um a
bunch of children at once and the
pedophiles would buy and pick which
child they wanted. So it was like a a
slave auction is my best way to describe
it. Um only more of a dancing slave
auction. Um which is why I get so
appalled today whenever I see the
sexualization of the children. I've gone
to cheerleading competitions. I've gone
to uh regional ones. Uh I've gone to um
you know with friends and family um
little ones. I've gone to dance
competitions and you know when I was
little pedophiles had to pay to see that
and now they don't. Uh the sexualization
of our children is horrific. So anyway,
everybody would perform the pedophiles
would pick us and then they would set up
beds. It my memory reminds me of what
you'd see as a gym today and there would
just be rows and rows and rows of beds
and then at night you could hear the
pedophiles walking through and giggling
and laughing and then they would pick
the child that they wanted and um do
what pedophiles do. And that that was
the evening and then the next day we
were all taken underground to the
laboratory. And people have a a hard
time with this. Um, but the first thing
I would send you to is the National
Security Archives. The CIA admits to it.
So, first of all, there's nothing to
have a hard time about because they have
admitted to it. Uh, but um, most people
are aware like the Pentagon, I think, is
19 stories below ground. Um, when I
remember when Israel was attacked in
October of um, la the year before last
year, uh, they showed in Israel all of
the medical facilities underground. They
were like full-blown hospitals
underground. You can find pictures of
them online now in in their tunnels.
When people think tunnels, they think
mining shafts. And it's not like that.
It's like having whatever is above
ground is below ground. Same exact
um and and um uh the military. Um I was
on a podcast um um a month or so ago and
her husband the podcaster was a highle
person in the military and he would talk
about all the deep underground military
bases and the transportation systems you
know the speed rails the light trains
underground. So it it's u but the
military of course they can't they won't
talk about these things but he told his
wife so now she's sharing you know as a
truther. So this stuff is all
underground
and so the children that did um so uh I
had a home to go to and um the ones that
did not have a home to go to, if you can
imagine rows and rows and rows and rows
and rows and rows of children and they
were on medical metal surgical beds and
they would have um IVs coming out of
them for the adrenochrome harvesting And
then um when that no anesthesia because
these people they're they're not like
us. Kathy O'Brien says that phrase a lot
and I borrowed it. They are not like us.
Um and this comes from the concentration
camps. So this is what I've done uh
interviews with Holocaust survivors.
This comes from the concentration camps.
This is what they did to the children
and the adults in the concentration
camps. They're not like us. They didn't
use anesthesia then. That's who we
imported over our government. They don't
use it now. And once um the adrenochrome
they'd gotten as much as they could
there then they do the organ harvesting
and it's live organ harvesting just like
people have heard about um until and I
call it execution you know until um the
the children are gone and they don't
waste any part with what they want to
sell. They are not like us and for my
part because I had a home to go to it
was different. Um, so I was in a dental
chair and to this day I have to really
work hard whenever I need to see a
dentist
um to not be triggered. But um so I was
in a dental chair and the um medical
staff were there from above ground and
so there there was a doctor, a nurse,
usually a medtech. They were fully
garbed so in like surgical clothing. So
the surgical hat, the little plastic
thing and the mask and the fully garbed.
Um the government um the CIA was there
also, not garb, they were all in their
suits. It's it's just stuff that just
photographic memory and they were
standing around watching and then there
were big flat screen TVs where other
people were watching which I'm assuming
is more CIA, more government.
So, and then the experimentation would
start and that would be um so for me the
adrenochrome harvesting was part of it
because they're not going to waste that
opportunity. And then it it was all um
the MK Ultra mind control where um I
remember having a device on my head and
wires coming out of it hooked to
machines. It'd be like people getting
EKGs and things today. you know, I had
wires all over me and they were hooked
to machines and then while I was
tortured in various ways. Um, they would
watch the machines to see when they did
this, what was the reaction to my body,
what was the reaction to my mind. And
they were doing that at the time um to
um further refine MK Ultra. And anyone
who lived through COVID understands that
was an MK Ultra event because what they
do is so above ground with CO they uh do
something to terrorize people put abject
fear in them that they're going to die.
So you know that's what they did in CO
and then when they have people good and
scared um then they give them the
solution and people are willing to do
things to harm themselves and others
that they never would have done before.
So during COVID that um you know vaccine
was a bioweapon and uh COVID was a
bioweapon and so people were making
their loved ones you take this
biological weapon that's going to kill
or ma you or you can't come to Christmas
you know I experienced that you know and
so many people did and and that is MK
Ultra we live that because they
terrorized people so much and then gave
them the solution it's like if you do
this, you know, you'll be I I won't hurt
you anymore. You know, if you take the
jab, we can all come out of CO, you can
come out of your homes, you can take
your mask off. Well, that wasn't the
plan. It's never the plan, you know, it
was for more and more and more. So,
that's MK Ultra. So, whenever I was
little, they were developing the
technique underground for the day to
bring it above ground and COVID was the
first operation.
So below ground um they would give me um
I was repeatedly drugged um and they
would test different drugs. Um the big
pharma we have today is based on what
they did to the children. Kathine
O'Brien and I have talked about this. Um
so the they with big pharma all those
side effects
with the children they would experiment
to see how much of a drug they could
give someone until it killed them and
then back that off a bit and then have
all of those side effects because that
created a long-term customer where they
could slowly they enjoy this where they
can slowly kill you and make your life
miserable and give you those side
effects until and and and money you know
it's all about money, take your money
until you're finally gone. So, part of
it was um pharmaceutical development. Um
part of part of it was um the MK Ultra.
So, whenever I would be there for an
activity or a a time period, when it was
over, the torture, whatever they did to
me, I would have to remember in vivid
detail everything that they did in vivid
vivid detail. And I watched um an
ex-military guy on Michael Jacob's show.
Talk Nathan talk about the same thing.
They do it in the mil they experimented
on him in the military. He told the same
story. You know, it's always wonderful
when you meet a kindered spirit. It's
like Yes. Yeah. That happened to me too.
And so what they would So every time
time I remembered something, they'd
electrocute my brain. So in the
instruments, they could see where the
memory was in the brain and they'd fry
it. And so every so that I wouldn't
remember. And so every every incident
and I mean it was it was a torturous
event because you know I was I was
three. I didn't know why I had to do
this. I didn't know why I was going to
be tortured and hurt even more severely
if I didn't tell them every little
detail. I just I I couldn't it it is so
infallible. But but I I would do that.
And so every memory they'd watch the
monitor and and electrocute me and fry
my brain and fry my brain and fry my
brain at the exact memory point so I
wouldn't remember. And then they would
also just do electrocution because it's
part of the torture to see what it does
to the body. Give me drugs, part of the
torture. And and some of this was just
just sheer pleasure. I mean, they just
enjoyed they they enjoyed inflicting as
much physical pain as they could in as
many ways as they could imagine just to
see my reaction. And I remember uh one
time they did kill me. They um I'm not
sure if it was an overdose or how, but
but what I do remember was I remember um
I was over my body. You know, you'll
you'll hear the stories of people who
die how they're they're gone. And so I
was floating over my body and my body
was dead on a gurnie being rushed down a
hospital like you'd see in a movie.
Rushed down the corridor of a hospital
going I'm not sure where. But even at
that even at that they were fascinated
watching their monitors seeing what was
happening. I was a big experiment. I was
a big experiment to them. I was not a a
person. I I was never a human being in
any of this. I was a a big experiment.
And so um so I was I was dead and they
were still monitoring what was happening
to me. Um and then uh they were able to
bring me back. I mean here I am today.
So that that was the the underground
um underground part of it. And I would
go there um several times.
And so what would kind of a typical week
look like for you? How often were you
home? How often were you at this this
other home that was facilitating this
trafficking ring? And how often were you
at other locations such as the
university?
So I um wasn't at home that often. I I I
don't remember being at home that often.
You know what is a lot more vivid to me
is um so at a minimum every day I was at
the trafficking house. I'm sure most
nights um with the university you know
I'm not sure if I was there once a month
or you know but I was there often and
then on top of that um I would also uh
be at um uh satanic um ritualistic
events and that includes at the national
level and you know at least the more I
talk I I've always said national it
could be international for all I know
the more I hear the international people
speaking um but I would be taken there
too. And I don't think that was that
often uh because I don't have as many
memories there. However, um those were
some of the most horrific memories that
I do have and so it's possible that I
just haven't remembered yet because I'm
still remembering things. I think so
much happened. I think I'll be doing
this. Um I don't think it's ever going
to stop, you know. Although it's slowing
down. Praise God. But I'm not sure it's
ever going to stop. And was it the same
people at the trafficking home that
would facilitate the satanic ritual
abuse as well?
No, the trafficking home um I would call
them so in in the the local and the kind
of regional area when it came to the
satanic ritualistic abuse. Um my best
description is the men that were
involved reminded me of the high school
nerds.
Um, that would be a good description.
The women were mean. I mean, they were
like battle axe mean. They were big and
tough and strong and firm and mean mean
women. Now, at the national level, they
were very scary people. So, if you can
imagine, so they hold their national
conventions just like we do, but theirs
are very, very different. And theirs are
underground. And if you picture um um
like a a stadium with the the floors are
slanting down to the stage, you know,
and so the arena is filled um theater
seats and it goes down to the stage
where the um ritual um rituals, abuse,
sacrifices are performed. And there it
was all men that were in charge. They
were scary. They they were so scary that
um I can remember freezing in place and
and I didn't do that to I mean I was
well train I was very well trained by
the time I was three I was a leader and
I was very well trained and uh these
people scared me uh to where I just
remember I just freeze uh but they were
men and they were dressed in um I
remember talking about this on a show
where I was with Dr. Juliet Engel and
and and I just watched her go like this,
you know. I thought, "Oh, yeah, we saw
that, right?" Of course she did. Um but
um they were dressed in it reminded me
of um the garb that you see like at the
Vatican and during like a high ceremony
where they had the like super starch
satiny stuff that looks like boards that
they're wearing. It's so crisp and you
know, no wrinkle, no flow. So they had
on that garb um head to toe um gown. I
don't know what you call you doesn't
have it's not pants. Um, and it would be
red like the color of blood when it's
when you first see it, the bright bright
red and um, you know, long um, robes
with their in and with the big sleeves
that hang down and then their hat that
would be pointy and then they would have
these ear things that were pretty wide
that would go down either side and um,
and and they they would be men only and
serious serious serious men. I have
never seen men so serious like that
before or after. Like I say, it was so
frightening I would freeze in place um
by then because the whole thing was
frightening. Um and and I um so I'm not
sure how often that happened uh because
those memories are the worst of the
worst for me. So I I might be repressing
quite a bit of those still.
Yeah. Which is very natural. you know,
it's and it's healthy that our bodies do
that and sort of know when to present
that information to us when we're ready,
if we're safe enough, you know, in our
environments. And really incredible how
our mind works that way. But you have so
many memories. So, you know, and I'm
sure just getting little glimpses of
that is enough, you know, for you to
sort of understand what was going on in
those instances, especially hearing
people out there who do have complete
memories who can speak on it. you know,
it's sort of the same playbook every
time. It's absolutely horrific what they
do at these things. And, you know, to to
think about being a little tiny child
and witnessing this, it's just so
impossible to comprehend, you know. So,
it's like, no wonder our our souls kind
of leave our body in those moments and
shove those memories down, you know? How
could a child possibly live
seeing that over and over again in their
conscious memory?
It is a gift. I mean, it is an absolute
gift. Um the um especially when the the
memories go. I uh did not have my first,
you know, especially when they're
repressed. I didn't have my first
repressed memory until 2011.
And you know, like I said, I I
remembered about 5%, but it was a gift
from God to erase the rest of it until I
was safe, like you said. So, I I was
finally safe. and safe for me was um I
had married um I just call him an um not
a nice man at all and um I was divorced
so I was away from people who would harm
me. I was uh in a a place where I lived
I was safe um I um at that time God had
asked me to attend Alanon and anytime
the Lord asked me to do something I do
it because it's for part of my healing.
So I was there for about five years
because the alcoholism uh my dad was
never home. He was an alcoholic and a
workaholic. He had no idea what was
going on. Um so the alcoholism was
pervasive on both sides actually. Uh
because mom, my mother's father, the
grandfather that um uh got my
grandmother pregnant when she was 13
behind a barn, he was an alcoholic. So
everybody's an alcoholic. So I was in um
Allen at the time. So I had a group of
people that I didn't talk about my
childhood. I didn't remember most of it
at that time and then I had my therapist
because I was going through a divorce
and you know God is so good how he he
goes before us to get everything
prepared you know when we don't even
know you know we we need it you know and
then it is so when I had the first
repressed memory turns out she's a
nationwide trauma therapist I didn't
know that didn't know that I'd gone to
her to help me through the divorce but
so she was right there right there with
what I consider the best technique in
the country to help people EMDR and um
So, I had my first repressed memory. I
was just in my house
putting on my makeup at my makeup table.
Just something very very simple, just
going about my day and it hit and I
remembered and out of the blue and um I
I remembered being in the crib and it I
I remembered what he smelled like and
what he looked like. I can I can see his
buttons. I can see the shirt. I can see
the colors. I can see the pattern. U my
crib. I mean, all of it. All of it. All
of it. And I it shocked me. Um so so I
understand people getting shocked when
they hear the stories that I tell
because I was shocked with that first
one myself. Dropped me to my knees in a
puddle crying. I just, you know, just in
a puddle crying out of control. Well,
not out of control, no control. I just I
was devastated. And that day I had to go
somewhere. So I was driving in my car
and I was talking to the Lord about it
because I I really didn't like the fact
that I remembered and I thought he could
have stopped that. So, I was talking to
him about it and I said, "God," I said,
"I could have lived a lifetime and never
remembered that." And I just talking to
him about it and right when I said that,
I looked up, which is a very good thing
to do when you're in trouble, and there
was a giant billboard and it said, all
it said was, "It's never too late." Huh.
Yeah. I love the way God talks. You
know, he talks. He can talk to us in so
many different ways. He loves He wants
us all to hear from him. So, anyway,
then I knew it's never too late. And
little did I know that that was the
first of a bazillion horrific memories.
Um but yeah, that's that's when the
repressed memory start started and
they've been here ever since.
It's so interesting how memory
repression can happen. And that's one of
the the biggest things that people say
to survivors is why did you wait so long
to talk about it? Well, of course,
there's many reasons. If you even if you
remember your memories, there's a lot of
reasons why maybe you don't talk about
it and safety and being protected is the
biggest one, right? But it's so
fascinating to me how our brains and
minds, how we can go function and live
normally and do all these things, start
businesses, go to school, have
relationships, get married, be a parent,
and your body knows that you're not safe
unconsciously, even if you consciously
think you are, you know, and then all of
a sudden you let go of these things like
a toxic marriage or family members that
could possibly still be there and that
could provide, you know, some type of um
unsafe environment for you to be or to
talk about it. Or you move into a home
that's by yourself and all of a sudden
you're not around toxicity with other
people and all of a sudden these these
parts of our consciousness feel safe to
come out and disclose information that
they've been just holding on to for all
those years. It's just amazing how that
happens.
It it is amazing. I um my therapist has
a phrase, the mind forgets but the body
remembers.
Yes. And so, so that's how it's been
with me with repressed memories. I um
I've had so many things. I as a um
marathoner, I run all the time. And I
remember one day I was just running
along doing my thing. And I can be
triggered by anything. A doororknob, a
voice, a face, a a chair. It doesn't
matter, you know? It it's it has nothing
to do with the person or thing that's
triggering me. It just it's time. So the
way I look at it is it's God's way of
saying you can handle this now. It's
okay. I'm here. It's you can handle this
memory now. So I was running along.
Something triggered me and all of a
sudden I lost the ability to use my
right leg. Just I couldn't use it. And
so I had to drag my leg home. I had to,
you know, I can't run if I can't use my
right leg. So I drug it home and I drug
it around the house until I could get to
my therapist. And you know, I mentioned
the number one technique that um she
uses is EMDR, which I think is amazing.
It's helped me so much. And so, we
processed out that that trauma. And and
that involves I I remember uh remember
in a safe environment. I remember all of
it. And then I can process out the
emotion so I can talk to you today
without just being in a heap of tears in
the floor. or I can I can share it
without um all of the rest. And so what
it was was in the trafficking house, the
grandfather had in the basement where
most of the torture occurred, he had um
on the wall hanging all kinds of sizes
of casts for legs. And so the children
wouldn't run wouldn't run away, we'd
have to wear a cast on our right leg and
drag that leg around the house. So
that's what that was. and and that's how
I remembered
and um it this can happen to me um like
um I remember one one time I was going
about my business and all of a sudden I
couldn't see out of my left eye as I
couldn't see a thing just could not see
a thing and um God is so good um the
night before I'd watched an old Helen
Keller movie
she was blind she's it's she's like a
classic story of a woman who um started
out as a child as horrific and then
became this eloquent speaker and writer
and things as an adult blind. And so I
just seen the movie and so I love how
God prepares me for these things so it's
not quite so shocking. And so when I
completely lost my vision in my eye, I
didn't freak out. Um I I just knew it
was some sort of a trauma. And you know,
sure enough, whenever I got to um my
therapist, it was I remember I was in a
business meeting one time and my client,
she said something. It it was some tone
of voice. It it was innocent. It it
doesn't even matter. It has nothing to
do with her. And all of a sudden, I lost
80% of my hearing. I could not hear. And
so I had to sit there and so I'm I'm a
as you shared, I mean, I'm an
international human resource consultant
during the day. It's my day job. And I
so I had to really focus and because we
were interviewing candidates from around
the country for a really critical
management job, I had to really focus
and concentrate and try to hear. And I'm
able uh to when I choose to hide
everything I feel and think so no one
knows anything because I learned that as
a child. It was a survival technique
that people because you were you were
tortured to do that to not show what you
were feeling and thinking and to instead
show what you were trained to show. Um
so so I I know this part well and so
they never knew it was going on but I
couldn't hear until again you know I
could u process it out. And um I
remember um one time, you know, it it
it's not funny, but this is how far
along the road I've healed. I mean, that
just goes to show you, you know, too,
how I've processed this out, but um so I
was drugged so heavily when um when I
was still trying to sort through what
what was happening to me. I had a doctor
say um because I I hadn't remembered
yet. I hadn't gotten to the point where
I was hardly fed anything. So, I have
lots of intestinal problems because of
that when I eat food because my food I
didn't grow up the first five years
processing food.
And so, um, you know, matter of fact, my
mom would would laugh around the kitchen
table at at meals saying, "Well, that's
just so funny. You only wanted milk
until you were four years old. Bottled
milk in a bottle." And and and and that
was just the family story. like, you
know, Lyn, it's like like I mean,
imagine that telling a four-year-old
she's at fault because she didn't want
food. I mean, who says that? Anyway, so
my body doesn't process it. So anyway, I
was having all these problems and so I
finally had a doctor and this was before
I remembered the tunnels or I don't see
doctors a lot now, but um um they said
you need a colonoscopy. So, if anyone
has ever had one of those, um, they'll
know exactly what the rest is this is
should be like. So, you have to drink
this uh horrid tasting drink and a bunch
of it. And, um,
to say this in the most polite way
possible, um, once you, it's to clean
out your system. So, once you drink
that, it's almost like, um, your system
cleans out thoroughly a lot of it with a
blowtorrch. That's the best way I can
describe it. I'm just saying. Um, what
happened to me? Um, I got high and then
I passed out. Now, that's not normal.
And and and anyone listening to me who's
had that procedure, they they know that
that's that that is not what happens.
You know, you you live in the bathroom,
you can't leave the house. It's just a
just a horrific kind of event, you know,
to get clean to get your intestines
cleaned out. I got high. That stuff
doesn't make you high, but but it was
drugs. my so my body is another body
memory. So clearly I was given liquid to
drink and um for whatever reason so so
that's how my you know my body is and I
mentioned before I woke up one morning
and I had IVs you know marks in my arms
and then that led me to more memories in
the lab. Um so the to to this day I
never do know what is going to happen to
me um physically
whenever I I remember one day I um was
having um I'd gone to a lake uh to do
some work and uh I got home and I I I
couldn't breathe and I I felt like
someone had placed a um boulder on my
chest and I I could not breathe and I I
was really getting worried about it
because it was so horrific. And whenever
I got help, um what had happened was um
a lot of the children, how they got rid
of them was they would put them in
bodies of water with boulders on them so
they wouldn't float to the top. So it
was another way to bury and get rid of
the children. And um I I watched that.
But part of the torture is um they do to
you watch them kill children and uh then
they say if you don't do whatever
horrific thing they want you to do then
we're going to do that to you
and then they'll also
pretend to do it to to really put the
fear in you to get you to be compliant.
It's all about compliance. And so after
I watched that happen to the children,
then they put me in the water with a
boulder on my chest, but not in deep
enough water to drown. Um, but I was too
little to know the difference. So when I
went to the lake, it triggered that
memory, which triggered, you know. So,
so that's how I live my life and that's
how I remember. And I never do know um
how often that's going to happen. Uh it
can be every day. It can be uh the more
I heal and the more I remember, maybe
every two or three days um I'll have a
real big big bad one like that. But um
that's what these people do to the
children. So again, I'm I share this um
not to just share stories. My purpose in
this is this is what happens to the
children. And if you survive as an
adult, um you have a a lifetime sentence
to to still try to survive. Um while
unfortunately many of the uh
perpetrators and pedophiles go scot-free
and continue harming the children.
Absolutely. You couldn't be more right
about that. During your healing, did you
have any memories? You're obviously a
very spiritual person. And I can tell
that you're very in touch with higher
realms of consciousness and just very
spiritual as a human. Did they notice
that in you and and experiment on you
spiritually as well with psychic
abilities or remote viewing? Any of
those types of things that you hear a
lot in these testimonies?
So, uh they they must have Yes. Uh so
today um I do have remote viewing
capabilities and I do have the ability
to um um I I understand animals.
So um what they're thinking um how
they're feeling
and uh and and plants too, trees um I
can understand. Um and so the answer is
yes. uh and how much of that is them and
how much of that is from God is still
something because um I I'm still sorting
through with the Lord and um because
because I I know I'm extremely strong
and I was as a little girl too and I
still am as an adult and I I heard
someone say one time that um
I got strong because of what they did to
me. And I asked God and he said, "No."
He said, "I made you strong." He had
nothing to do with them. You would have
been strong anyway. It's who you are.
And especially as we go into the our our
golden age that we're entering. There's
so much healing to be done on the planet
and the afterare for this. And um I
believe that we are going to see justice
and then we'll be rebuilding um our
nation and our world the way that we
want it to be. So we need these gifts.
We need these gifts. I have a friend who
is a deeply spiritual man and um he um
uh is both deaf and blind and he can
remote view uh before people pass and
see their soul.
and he's able to help guide them to get
rid of what they need to get rid of in
their soul to be able to go to heaven.
And so, um, I I believe that these gifts
aren't something that because of the
torture they they taught us to do or
trained us to do. I believe that because
of what they were doing, the gifts that
are in all of us were able to come out
earlier. That's that's where I am at on
that whole conversation. So my abilities
um I can also talk to weather. Um Jesus
did it. So and Jesus says in the New
Testament, we'll do even greater things.
So talking to weather is nothing. That's
on the basic level of what a faithfilled
person should be able to do because
Jesus calmed the wind and the waves. And
I I discovered that one day I was out
running. I just read that scripture that
morning in my Bible study. I spend two
to four hours a morning in Bible study,
prayer time, meditation, talking to the
Lord. And I have forever. It's a large
part of my healing process. And I just
read that story. So I was out running
and I don't run in two conditions, ice
and lightning. Those are those are times
I stay in.
So I was out running and I was probably
three miles from home and it started
lightning and I thought, "No, you know,
we're not going to do this. I'm out
running. I'm not going to be hit by
lightning." So I started talking to it
and commanding it just like Jesus. You
know, Jesus said, you know, that I can
command you. So I started So as soon as
I did that, it stopped
and I ran home and the minute my foot
hit the step, it started again. And that
was my first time I discovered I could
do this. So when I run now, um I started
talking to it. And the weather is a a
being. It's an entity um in the spirit
realm. Um God says it lives in
storehouses. So it has a home. And uh I
remember the first time I did it, it was
shocked. I'm not sure if anyone's talked
to it since Jesus did. I don't know. But
um so I will. And I'll I'll ask for a
breeze when I run. Um, when I run, it's
not uncommon for me to get breezes
north,southeast, and west to make me
comfortable because I want to be
comfortable when I run, especially, you
know, it can get up to 100. Um, so so
that um trees um I have a tree outside
my window that we'll have conversations.
Uh, one time I was outside and I took a
video of this. I need to put it on a
podcast because people will enjoy this.
Um, but I was out by the tree and all of
a sudden a leaf came off and started
dancing. I have a video and it comes off
and it it and at first I thought it's
blowing in the wind, leaves blowing in
the wind, but it it stayed there and it
would twirl and spin and then it would
go this way and it would go that way and
it would go up and I just watched it I
just watched it dance. I felt like it
was dancing before the Lord. I mean,
leaves don't do that
and the wind doesn't blow in circles and
my you know and and it did that until a
car came and then bam went right down
and it stopped. So, so those are things
that I believe, you know, and even
today. So, I saw angels all the time
whenever I was little and I still see
them. So, um um they they bake chocolate
in my kitchen. So, angels love
chocolate. Just tell people, spoiler
alert, till you get to heaven. And um I
will smell them baking chocolate in the
kitchen. They love coffee, too. It's
like a coffee shop. I'm not doing
anything. I'm just sitting here minding
my own business. My kitchen's that way,
so that's why I look that way. and
there'll be, you know, coffee and and um
chocolate and they love that. Um one
time I was at at one time God asked me
to go to celebrate recovery for healing.
So I went there for a year or two and
it's like a 12step program in churches
and I was in uh worship service. They do
worship before you break out into small
groups. And um all of a sudden I saw
centuries beside me and I I have them
with me all the time. I I have a lot of
angels. I always have. but they're uh
really tall and angels are um the
warrior angels are male and the
mothering angels are female. Um each
each child had a female mothering angel
with them that I could see both in the
trafficking house and in the lab. So
every child I mentioned on the table, I
want to give people some hope. They each
had an angel and the mothering angels
were women and they were in beautiful
white gowns and long beautiful hair and
their wings and they would touch the
children and uh the little girl in me
would call them the sh angels like
they're there. They were very comforting
like a good mother I imagine is and
there's something in their hands that
heal and soothe so the children don't
feel as much um because I know I had
them too. They were very soothing. Um,
and um, I I'm fully convinced that they
were the same angels in the garden of
Gethsemane with Jesus soothing him
because it says in scripture he could
have called a legion. I've seen the
legion. I the the host of heaven.
They're behind me a lot. I can heal hear
their um, heels click sometimes. They
were army boots and and beautiful
clothing and wings. But um, Jesus could
have called them and he didn't. But he
had he was soothed and comforted him. I
think it was the female mother angels.
So anyway, the the male angels are the
warrior angels
and they're big and um most of them are
probably seven or eight feet tall.
Probably 8t tall and except I've seen
some whenever I pray protection um over
our nation for example, I've seen them
like with a foot as big as the state of
Florida. So they can get like really big
but the ones I was seeing the
trafficking houses were probably 8 n ft
tall and uh in the tunnels and so today
so okay so the um that the centuries I
was at Celebrate Recovery and all of a
sudden I saw one right to my to my I
knew I had two and they're they're like
hugged in my body. I mean I'm like like
super protected and Holy Spirit said
they're called centuries. S E N T R I S
which is the I researched it. It's the
old old spelling of that word. And you
know, 8 nine feet tall. Angels are
dressed in beautiful um white garb like
Roman soldier attire. Um gold and silver
um designs and trim, big beautiful
weapons. They love swords and spears.
And uh so I saw the one on the left, I
felt the one on the right. And the next
morning I went out to run. And when I
run and cars are driving by, it's pretty
common for them to stare because I'm a
running object, you know, well, I mean,
I'm a moving object. So, I was uh a few
blocks out of my neighborhood. And um
because of what I've gone through, I
have 44 times the visual acuity of those
who aren't tortured. Kathy O'Brien talks
about that. Um I also have 44 times the
auditory acuity. So, I see a lot of
things others don't. So, when I was
running, there was a car and I knew that
he was a terrorist from the Middle East
in my neighborhood and uh because we
know that they're in the United States.
But, spoiler alert, I've seen embedded
military personnel everywhere. So, if
there is some type of a terrorist thing
that happens, I don't want people to be
afraid because President Trump didn't
just throw up his hands and say, "Oops,
oh no, we're going to be attacked."
Uh-uh. He embedded our military in our
communities, too, because I've seen them
and they've started talking to me, too.
Uh but anyway, so this day I was running
and I knew what I was seeing and I was
running right at this man and it was my
running path and he didn't see me, you
know, he he wasn't looking up and I
thought, "Oh my gosh, that's a
terrorist." And when I see them, we have
power, dominion, and authority to um
bind their their demons that make them
do things to render them powerless.
So I was doing my thing. The next thing
I knew, that sentry on the right that I
hadn't seen, I saw his big arm and he
put it like that and he blocked that
man's view. That man couldn't see me at
all and I knew he couldn't see me and
and all I saw the angel was his arm and
I looked at him and he looked shocked.
I'm not sure anyone had ever seen him
and I wasn't supposed to be able to see
him because you know that there's
supposed to be a veil over some things
but that's removed from me you know a
lot. So, so, so th that that is my life.
That's what I saw when I was little.
It's what I see now. And um you know,
including um Jesus and going to heaven.
Um because I I still do see them. I
still do see God. And uh they're very
very real. And and the way I net out is
um this experience, these exper the
remote viewing, the all of this we can
all have. It's just they've taken that
from us. um the the fluoride in the
water for example, all the chemicals,
the drugs were given, uh our food isn't
food. They call it food and it's not
food. So our bodies are starving for
nutrients. U they've done all these
things to block our our spirit, our
ability to
be and see the Lord and everything in
the supernatural because they'd lose.
you know, these evil
Luciferian Satanists would lose if we
all knew the power, dominion, and
authority that we had. So, I think they
work just as hard to keep us dummy down.
Um, so, so I believe God did all that,
gave me all those gifts.
And I love that you're using that in an
empowering way and sharing that because
in my opinion from what I've heard, I'm
convinced that these programs were using
children that they selected because of
these gifts that they have because of
the higher propensity to have a higher
IQ a to be more in touch with the
spiritual realm. children that could
dissociate more and use the power of our
bodies in a more powerful way than some
children could. That they could overcome
and survive things that, you know, the
average human can't. And unfortunately,
in the same breath, they're convincing
everybody and all these children and
humans that go through these programs
that you're worthless, that they control
you, that you don't have the freedom,
that they've created you, that
everything that that that is good about
you belongs to them, and that they're
the only ones that can use it for
whatever they want. They completely
strip you of that confidence in what you
were born in. And what they do is they
take those gifts and exploit them for
dark purposes instead of for what God
intended them for. And I really love
that that you're able to see that
because I think a lot of survivors still
carry a lot of shame from the way that
that they're the things that make them
special and the things that should have
been fostered in a positive way by
caring and compassionate and loving
adults was exploited with them. that
they carry that shame of what those
things were used for when if they
wouldn't have been put through those
programs, they could have used those
gifts for things that were really
beautiful to help humanity, to help
progress humanity. And that it's not too
late to still do that. That those gifts
still make them special. And that that's
amazing that God gives us those things
that people can just naturally do
something like remote view or talk to
God or even dissociate. You know, those
are all really beautiful things that God
gave us as gifts and as as ways to
protect ourselves, to enhance humanity.
And unfortunately, it's it's such a
deep-seated thing with people where they
carry a lot of shame for what those
things were used for. And so, I really
appreciate your words of encouragement
to survivors, cuz that's my hope, too,
is that they realize how special they
were and that they weren't just these
random kids that were chosen. These were
children that they recognized things in
and used those things in a really dark
way. But they wouldn't have chosen a lot
of these kids if they didn't have those
really special abilities that should
have been used for something to help
them grow into productive adults, you
know, and children that could have been
you that could have had these gifts used
for things that were good whenever they
were young.
Oh, absolutely. So when uh like for
examp so I love that and I do want to
encourage all the survivors um to do an
inventory of your supernatural gifts.
This is Gracie by the way. She loves
podcast.
That's cute. Yes.
Been on a nap. So see if I This is what
I'm working with.
Oh, that's adorable.
I just have to make sure that she
doesn't touch any buttons,
which is she's hopped me off podcast
before, too.
But um the the the gifts, I encourage
people to look at their gifts, their
supernatural abilities, and start
working with the Lord and practicing
honing those.
So weather, I just talk about that one.
So I told you the first day I discovered
that I could control weather and I had
scripture based on it. It wasn't some
woowoo thing. You know, Jesus did it and
said we could do more things. So I
thought, okay, okay, okay, great. I'm on
solid ground. So, I practice, practice,
practice. Well, um, with Hurricane
Milton, uh, when that came last year, I
have friends, um, in Florida and Milton
was getting ready to hit
and I looked at, um, the weather
patterns and, you know, with the weather
warfare that we have and like for
example, Texas, that was pure weather
warfare would just hit there. Pure
weather warfare and um, planned. So, I
looked at the weather patterns and
before uh man-made weather appears,
it'll make a a shape. And I can't
remember now if it was a a dragon or
panda eyes or but anyway, something that
was really clearly they're just sending
a signal, you know, that that they're
doing it. So this time um and and we
have the most power, dominion, and
authority in our home um and with those
in our home um then and in our
community, neighborhood community. And
then it it gets a bit weaker the further
out we go. I still pray um but it helps
if you have friends and loved ones in
another geographic area. You have more
power, dominion, authority there, too.
Uh, so I have people that I friends that
I love and care for in Florida and I saw
that coming. This time, you know, this
time I started commanding weather and I
commanded it to I, you know, and I don't
just ask nicely. I mean, I'm commanding
like a military officer telling it what
it will and will not do. And um, it it
didn't work. So that means it's not real
because real weather will listen. Um, so
I knew that this was man-made. So then I
started commanding angels.
People have, we all have angels. And
because people don't see them, um, your
angels for the most part are standing
around with their arms crossed, tapping
their toes, waiting for you to ask them
to do something, you know, because and
that's very scriptural, too. You know,
they're they're here. They're servants.
Uh God sends them to us as servants and
and they're here whether you see them or
not. So that's another thing. Be careful
what you say because sometimes you ask
them to do things and they're like,
"Really? That's what you want?" You
know, so just be careful. So anyway, I
started commanding angels. That's when
whenever I saw that big foot um over
Florida. So I I saw an angel um standing
before Florida to protect it. So, it was
getting ready to come in as a um level
six, whatever that is in hurricane
language. Uh and it came in as a three.
So, it so it actually it actually works.
Um and then the other thing that I did
was um God told me uh there's power in
praying with a staff um like Moses did
in the Old Testament whenever the Egyp
Israelites escaped from Egypt. And so
God told me to get a staff and I spent a
whole day researching where to get it. I
ended up getting it from a a little
general store that's in the mountains of
North Carolina. They cut them themselves
from the trees. And so I had my staff
and I was on the show with uh Bishop Jim
O' Conor. He's ex I think it was a major
in the army. Um there was a demon at
West Point in his room. He punched it
out and there's a big stories. You can
read all about it everywhere. but he
punched the demon and at that time um
Nixon had a psychic. I can't remember
her name. They sent her to get rid of it
and and that thing threw her out of the
room. So, Jean Dixon, I think that's it.
Anyway, uh so to this day, that room at
West Point shut because nobody can get
that demon out. So, anyway, Bishop Jim
O' Conor now he's a bishop. He's out of
the military and he's a bishop and he's
an exorcist. So, um, we were on a, we do
a weekly podcast together and that storm
was coming and he has, you know, we both
have the same friends and loved ones in
Florida. So, he had a staff and I
grabbed my staff and we started praying
spiritual warfare prayers and that's
whenever Tampa Bay went dry.
So, that's just weather. And and that's
one example where these are gifts. These
are gifts that we have. There's nothing
to be ashamed of. It's a I I believe
it's a normal faith-based experience.
And think what we could do Texas to
prevent that awful thing that just
happened in Texas. I if there are people
who are survivors in that area area or
if if you're a survivor and you have
friends and loved ones there and you
understand the the gifts and powers that
you've been given, we can stop these
things and we can minimize them. um if
if we're just watching and paying
attention and using our gifts. So, I
think that's something the little girl
in me calls it like Spider-Man
superpowers.
Um and and that's what we have. And as
horrific and unspeakable as it was that
we went through, um we had we do have
gifts. And
I'm sure you're right, we probably were
selected due to that. I know. Um I have
an extremely high IQ. I started my first
business when I was four years old. So
um I'm sure we were pre-seelected, but
we can use that now to win.
Yes. And I love hearing stories of of
survivors and overcomers who are doing
that. There's another survivor I know
heavily used for psychic abilities and
now she's using that to psychically read
where lay lines are in the earth where
there's been satanic activity and she
bookmarks them and sends and encourages
people to go out there and sing healing
frequencies over them and to use
instruments and then I've heard of
remote viewers getting together to help
other survivors collect information
about maybe memories that they don't
have a full memory of of say the inside
of a location. And so with some details,
they can confirm, oh, you think you were
here, but you don't remember what the
whole room looks like. You just have
these couple details. Let's see if we
can all see them for you and and confirm
that your details are correct. And so,
you see how these things can be used for
such beautiful and incredible healing
purposes. And unfortunately, like I
said, you know, the whether it's
pre-selected or however, they they're
aware that that you have these gifts
through all the testing and they use
them for their purposes instead of for
yours. And so, it is it's really
encouraging hearing these miracles that
that you and others are creating through
these gifts. And you're taking your
power back. You know, you're completely
getting rid of that lie that that your
agency, that your spiritual gifts, and
that your uh sovereignty belong to
somebody else and that you can take that
back now and use it for its intended
purpose that God gave to you whenever
you were born.
That's right. And I'll um to to bring it
to earthly uh kind of realms. Uh so to
so another way I use it, I'm a um as an
international So hang on. She's doing a
big stretch.
Move her.
So sweet.
Lay down. Yes. Okay, there we go. Um,
just have to keep her little paws off my
keys.
So, I found her one day. I took a
picture. Um, she was sitting here at the
laptop looking at it by herself and I
felt like she was doing a little podcast
with someone. She looked like she'd
learned from me. But um anyway, so as a
a human resource consultant,
one of the things that I do today is
investigations, legal investigations. So
if there's been discrimination, sexual
harassment, uh religious harassment, uh
discrimination harassment, I'll do
investigations and I'll get them uh
ready for trial and um so sorry, she was
getting nippy. That was if you saw me
give a look, it was too crazy. I gave
her the don't mom says no look. uh so I
get those ready. So what I have to do is
I have to uh do thorough interviews of
people and because of my childhood and
because I survive this way I'm able to
read people like a large print book
under a magnifying glass and um I'm also
a human lie detector. So whenever move
her she's gonna do something she
shouldn't.
Um, so whenever I talk to people, I can
tell by what they say, what they don't
say, a word they say, a word they don't
say, a small move of the face, a a a
small inttonation, a I can read people
like a large print book under a
magnifying glass. And 1,000% of the
time, I always get my man or woman. I
always and I can document it and I can
prove it. And I'm able to tell every lie
and I I can list them in a report. They
lied 57 times and here's where they
lied. And that's a gift. And so it makes
me extremely successful in my line of
work. When I hire people, it's the same
thing. I can tell people exactly what
their gifts are and exactly what um
their um area I call it areas of
opportunity to try to be positive. Um
but they're negative traits and that all
comes from my childhood. And I've had
people ask, I mean I do training um all
the time like I do um certification
training programs and human resources
and management training and all kinds of
things. But people will say I want to do
it like you do. How do you do that? You
know, can you teach me? And in my mind,
I think you don't want the training that
it takes to be able to do what I can do.
You know, you have no idea what I went
through to do what I can do. So the
answer is, you know, no, but I'll teach
you as best as I can for you to do the
very best that you can. But that's a way
that um God has taken this, you know,
there's a scripture that God turns
everything for good. So there's a way
that he's taken this now and um you
know, I feel like I help humanity when I
do that.
Yes. And interestingly, I just want to
comment on this. Right behind you
there's a window and it looks like
there's a cross. And as you were just
talking about God, the sun kind of came
in and lit up and it looked kind of like
this little divine intervention of like
Yes, Lynn. That's exactly it.
I love it when he does that. Yes. I uh
That's cool. I love that.
Me, too. That was neat. Just a little
note. It's really It's really um that's
like a sign right next to you, which I
really love.
And so for you, how long did this How
long were you in these programs? And
what was your how did you I guess exit
them or what was your um call to
liberation in a sense of of getting away
and becoming a survivor?
So I was in the whenever I was um four
years old uh in that in that age range.
It was very very simple. Um since my dad
was an alcoholic, he found another woman
and he wanted a divorce and so he asked
my mom for a divorce and we moved um to
a whole different town state from where
all that was happening and we moved to
the town that my grandmother lived in
who had no idea the one that the
pedophile um got her pregnant when she
was 13. So, my mother's mother and my
grandmother um had uh no idea what was
happening to me um whenever I was
little. So, whenever I we moved to that
town, there was something about the
geographic location um that made it
stop. Now, uh a couple things. There was
a pedophile next door in his 80s, so my
mom would make me go there every day.
And, uh the houses would be just a few
yards apart. So she would sit in the
kitchen drinking coffee, smoking a
cigarette, knowing exactly what was
going on. And um so so that continued,
but um for lack of a better word, it was
um manageable because there was only one
and he was elderly and had partial
dementia. And so um and then that
stopped fully the day that um uh so I I
had been trained to fear jail. I was
absolutely I didn't know what it was. I
had no idea what it was. Um, no idea. To
this day, I I think I'm past that word
being a trigger. Um, but it took a lot
of work. But, um, so I because I was
always hearing how they were terrified
of jail, right? Because they knew if
they were ever caught, they would be in
jail. But I knew some jail was something
awful, something terrible to be feared.
And I knew if anyone ever knew what we
were all doing, you know, there'd be
jail. It'd be awful. So, this uh
neighbor pedophile um would uh do
pedophile behaviors uh one day on his
porch because he had partial dementia.
And that scared me to death because I
thought, "We're going to jail." You
know, people are going to see this.
We're going to jail. And again, I didn't
know what it was. So, I thought, I've
got to tell my mom. And I I didn't want
to tell her because whenever I was two,
um he was two. Uh they they did
something especially horrific to me and
I thought if I told my mom she wouldn't
make me go back and so I told my mom,
but instead she got really angry at me
and marched me back over there and she
goes, "She's speaking and she just told
me and you got to do something about
this." And so the torture that ensued
after that
was so unspeakable that I never ever
ever spoke again. So at this time when I
thought I need to tell my no one else to
tell besides my mom, you know, I didn't
know if she'd make me go back or not
because she made me go back before, but
I was more afraid of whatever, you know,
jail was than I was of of talking to mom
and being severely tortured for
speaking. But this time, uh, of course,
as an adult looking back, um, mom never
made me go back because she knew she
would go to jail, prison. Um, and she
knew that if I was speaking, you know,
she didn't have all that protection of
all that other stuff going on, so she
didn't make me go back. That's when it
stopped fully.
Now, I I've always known that like in um
elementary school um I was watched, you
know, I was watched by the government um
and still am to this day. Uh so, so I've
always known that, but I was never
drugged back into like the trafficking
house because we were too far away or
the university because we were further
away. Um, so I I guess it was a
geographic thing and there was something
about that and the fact that my
grandmother was around a lot and had no
part of it that there was some kind of
protection there uh for me. I'll never
I'll never understand. But that's
whenever it stopped fully. So there was
no big rescue. No. And and that was also
whenever God erased 95% of my memory so
I could quasi function um and grow up
until I got to the place where I was
safe enough to start remembering.
Now you mentioned having a high IQ when
you ended up going to school. Was that
something that you were recognized for?
Were you also sort of acknowledged or
put in any special classes in school for
having been gifted as a child?
Yes. So, um the the first thing where it
came out was I had my own bis my first
business when I was four years old and
the I know and uh the reason why was I
well I I thought I was an adult. I I had
had an extensive amount of adult
experiences
and I was treated as an adult uh with
those experiences. the the um I hate to
use the word sex because to a child
there's no they don't have any concept
of that word that's an adult connotation
developed by the pedophiles to give when
the topic comes up for example and
people say child sex trafficking that
gives adults a connotation that dummies
down the problem it it um glosses over
the problem whereas uh it's physical and
mental torture from a child's standpoint
And so um the um
so whenever um because of all that I I
thought I was an adult. I was treated as
an adult in that manner and uh I knew my
mom could not take care of me. So I no
longer had the trafficking house though
those were the people that took care of
me not my mom. Um by the time I was four
I had Stockholm syndrome. So now I was
on my own and I knew my mom could not
take care of me. I mean, that was
proven. And I knew I had to be able to
have things. And my number one thing I
wanted was candy. I was four. So, I
started a business. And what the
business was, I figured out if you
clipped coupons, they were like money.
And so, I would clip coupons. And some
local neighborhood grosser who owned it
was kind enough. I mean, you know, so he
would give me c he would give me candy
for my coupons and it was just the
goodness of his heart. You he didn't
have to do that. So that was my first
business. Uh by the time I was I think I
was either seven year olds or eight
eight-year-old. I had my first nonprofit
um event. And so I had like a carnival.
I raised money for um MS
and then I would do theater. So I would
hold plays in the neighborhood and
charge admission. I would write and
produce the plays and act in the plays
and hold admission and um have um you
know events at every holiday. So and and
I would do uh artwork and sell it. So I
was doing all of that in elementary
school. And um then I remember walking
down the hallways. No, I was playing
Barbies. I was playing Barbies one day
and and God came up to me and he goes,
"I want you to get your master's
degree." I didn't know what that was.
But I said, "Okay." Because I always
love to do whatever God tells me. Um,
and so I do have my masters now. But
going through school, when I was in
sixth grade, I started um um schoolwide
events, uh, clubs, programs. I was
always, uh, I was in the band. I was
always first chair. I was always in
leadership roles. I was always on
student council. I was always creating
plays and winning awards and everything
was the top, the best, number one. Um,
all of it. So, uh, same way the college
I graduated with the highest honors, the
best grades. Uh, when I got my masters,
nobody in my, it was a two-year program.
It was so hard. Nobody in my class
graduated except me. So, you know, I
started my first business the next year.
I started, you know, you call me a
serial business owner. I love that. I'll
have to borrow that.
So, so, so yes, you know, I uh I thought
all that was normal, but I have come to
find out that that that's not what most
people do. They most people don't don't
do stuff like that,
right? Wow. Oh my goodness. That is so
much especially knowing what what you
had went through so young and that
instead of you know maybe processing
that trauma and I know that they
dissociate you from it so it's not
something you're conscious of but you
hear time and time again sort of the
opposite that a lot of times it
debilitates these different survivors
who go through school and they don't
know why but they're having the they're
they're acting out you know maybe
they're over they're overachieving but
they have PTSD and they're going through
all these emotional things and you know
you're over here overachieving and
starting businesses at age four. And oh
my gosh, what a life that you've had
with the creativity that you were able
to to put into action.
Well, I will say this though. Um I I was
an alcoholic. So by the time I was uh 16
years old or was I 15? I think I was 15.
I discovered alcohol. And the first time
I drank um I was blackout, dead drunk,
blackout. And that's how I lived. So, um
I um every Friday and Saturday night in
high school, I was dead drunk, blackout
drunk every Friday and Saturday night.
Still made straight A's. Um when I was
in college, I did that six out of seven
nights out of the week. And the only
time the reason I didn't do it seven
nights was I couldn't get to the bars.
So I I was not
um okay, you know, but I was a highly
functioning alcoholic and uh thank God I
hated drugs. I mean I tried that too or
I would have been a drug addict. Um and
thank God I didn't own a car. I would
have killed somebody and been in prison
for that. So um I I couldn't afford a
car and I I just you know I look back
and the different ways that that but but
that was um so so I was not okay. You
know I was not okay. I was highly
functioning and then um um when I was um
at a job there was a um well so when I
was 25 years old um I was led to the
Lord Jesus Christ and I was saved and
when I was baptized and came up from the
water I never wanted to drink again just
like bam you know so praise God so that
part that part stopped um but you know
it's still I still had uh trauma so I I
married a man who was not a nice person
by any stretch of the imagination. So,
all of the abuse continued and um my
therapist explained things to me. Um she
said that it was one person and it
wasn't he wasn't as bad as what I had
because she said normal people would
never have married him, you know, but I
was not normal. So I carried that into,
you know, that relationship and I didn't
know how to get out because I'd never
been taught how to say no. And um so so
once the Lord got me away from that and
I got to safety, then I could find my
healing. But um at the the same time
that all of these amazing things were
going on in my professional life, my
personal life, it was like being two
different people. um you know with this
big facade that I had this wonderful
marriage and all this kind of thing um
whenever it was far from it but I just
was highly functioning.
It's incredible what we're what we're
able to overcome despite carrying so
much inside of us and you're an amazing
example of that. you know, the power of
the human spirit and of overcoming
things that are really meant to destroy
us, you know, and it's just amazing to
see that that you were able to function
after all of that and that you
eventually were able to overcome all the
obstacles in your path. And I wanted to
ask you, speaking of obstacles, speaking
of um self-sabotage, self harm at the
time of disclosure for many survivors
that could trigger self harm
programming, or even just that disparity
of, "Oh my gosh, this is so horrible.
How am I supposed to carry on?" And it
can be a re really pivotal moment in
somebody's journey on what they decide
to do with that, you know, and and or
what happens with the tools that they
have available to navigate something
like programming, which can be really
scary if if all of a sudden that's
triggered and you want to hurt yourself
in some way or or a self-elimination
type program. How did you overcome that
whenever it happened to you? and um what
what tools or maybe advice could you
give to other survivors who might just
be waking up or suspect that they might
have gone through something to help them
navigate that that hardship and that
journey.
So the the self harm
um whenever I started speaking um I I
didn't have that because I was ready to
speak. So be because I had God with me
the whole time, you know, knowing one
day I would speak and um and he said I
was ready and because I had this
wonderful godly
trauma therapist, you know, she said I
was ready. So I didn't speak um too soon
to where that was activated.
And I believe that by that time I had so
much because I work very very hard at
this. I mean, you know, as an
overachiever, I'm going to overachieve
on the healing thing, too. So, I worked
super hard at my healing. And um so, so
whatever programming would have come out
that had done that, I had long since um
worked through re I call I call um EMDR
rewiring
your brain. So, the way we come out of
this is um before we get help, it's like
if I flip my kitchen light on, the
bathroom light comes on. It's like
somebody wired your house all screwed
up. And when you try to flip this
switch, this other thing happens. And
you don't even know why because you
can't see behind the walls to see, oh,
well, that wire because that's what they
do to us. And that's how our brain does,
too, to try to work around all the
trauma. And um so so much of that had
been rewired properly
to where I didn't hurt myself. Now I
will say that um I I do have a um the
different um I use the word parts
for the the different um parts. And
there is a part of me that is very
harmful. I mean very harmful. And uh I
have this all the time. So I could be
going about my day and think something
that this harmful part doesn't like and
I'll get some horrific awful pain
somewhere. Uh something debilitating,
something um or or make me um get kind
of um uh poor at communication in my
relationships. Um uh or I remember one
time I was uh in a meeting with one of
my big clients and he was it was a newer
client and I saw these pock mark face uh
puck marks all over his face and I just
thought it was his face, you know, like
some people had the chickenpox and they
had all those puck marks. Well, the the
next time I saw him, I I was telling my
therapist about him and because he
triggered me super bad and um I looked
at his photo online and he didn't have
those and I thought, well, it's a photo
touchup. Well, when I saw him the next
time, he actually didn't have those. So,
um Shill uh that part of me will try to
sabotage relationships,
um my physical health, um oftentimes
doesn't like me running, doesn't like me
lifting. So, it could be anything. can
be absolutely anything. And and yet and
I have to remember though that that part
of me is three years old.
So um so I I I work so that sabotage
thing can happen to me at any time still
today because it's a part of me and I
treasure all parts of me and um so but I
have to learn to manage that. So, so
when something out of the blue that
makes no sense happens to me, which
normally is several times a day, first I
first I look to see if it's demonic
because that's what it is a lot of the
times. And so I'll uh bind demons and uh
tell them to get out, go to the feet of
Jesus for dispensation. I'll plead the
blood of Jesus over them, get rid of
them, and if it leaves, then I'll know
it was demonic because they can do this
stuff, too. I just have to figure out
what it what it is. If that doesn't
work, I'll see if it's something real.
Like maybe I really did stab my toe and
and it hurts because I stubbed my toe
against the wall. And you know, so they
have to figure out is it real and does
it need medical treatment of some sort
or not? And if none of that's the case,
then I know that it's the self-
sabotage. Um so then I have to work
through that trauma and process it out.
And um for me it's like speaking to the
little girl in me to let her know she's
safe now. You know, it's okay. You know,
you're okay. If I'm going to go out to
run, that part of me can stay home, you
know, if she wants to. Or um ride on
Jesus' horse. or it's um it's it's like
having a little girl with me all the
time and I have to be um tender and
caring and loving because it's like
acting out if you have a an actual
physical girl with you who just came out
of this because I helped today I helped
many mothers with these children. Um I
just got off of a Zoom this morning with
several mothers in Europe who um are on
my LifeWave team. I'm using that God's
using that as a magnet to draw people to
me for healing. And part of the healing
is community and helping the little ones
too and get them um on these um life
wave. And so so I got to so it's like
seeing these little ones on Zoom.
Sometimes they pop on the camera. It was
such a sweet blessing. And so it's like
having a physical little one with me
that just survived a heinous because I
hear these mothers talk about the same
thing that these real physical children
do to them. The mothers themselves try
to harm them, try to harm themselves.
It's no different. But it's a part of me
that survived uh that I will always have
and um I just had to come to um love and
nurture and care for that little girl
part of me so that you know we're safe.
It's okay. We're here. We're not there.
You know, everything's okay. Um I have a
bunch of popsicles in the refrigerator.
Not that I eat many because I'm an
athlete. I have to really watch what I
eat, but they're fruit popsicles. So, I
make it part of my meal plan. So, um
things that um would nurture and comfort
a three-year-old, how I talk to her.
I'll actually talk to that part of
myself and it's soothing, calming, um
making it real. And there's nothing at
all unusual about this either because it
it's what we have to do. You know, each
person listening, even if they haven't
had trauma, you actually have a child
part. people will talk about their
child, you know, the child in them. So
when you ride a roller coaster and throw
up your hands and scream and you're 70
years old, that is the child in you.
That is not the 70-year-old adult in
you. So we all have this. It's just I
consider this Emma another gift.
So I I have this knowledge that inside
of me there's always going to be a child
part that I am to love and nurture and
care for that gets scared sometimes but
I can I can love and nurture and care
for her. Whereas adults without trauma,
they'll have their child part of them
act out and they don't even know it.
They'll be mean to someone else or do
harmful things or hurt themsel or and
they think it's the adult part of them
not even knowing they have a child part.
So, I consider this another gift.
Absolutely. And I love your advice and
what what you were just saying about
comforting. Do you have any other advice
for survivors that have systems and
parts who
maybe are experiencing some inner
turmoil, chaos, and disagreements and
things that sort of, you know, make
their life destabilizing on how you were
able to create some peace and and
stability inside?
Yes. So, one of my favorite things, so I
have a a website uh that the Q, the
letter Q and the word grit, grit.org,
and I list, you know, everything that
helped me there. But one thing uh that
comes to mind are children's books. So,
you cannot have enough children's books.
And the reason why is you're you're
talking to a child um because that's who
was harmed and that's who's causing the
harm today. And uh so they need to be
talked to like a child. And so I would
get uh I remember there was a time, for
example, when I'd be out running and I I
had a terrible time crossing the street
just out of the blue. Now I'm an adult.
I know how to cross the street, right?
It's just, you know, I'm an adult, but I
mean I had a terrible time crossing the
street. This I'd be overcome with this
fear and it was so irrational. And uh I
checked it wasn't demonic. Um I knew it
wasn't real because I'm an adult and uh
but but it was there nonetheless. And so
I bought books on how to cross the
street
and uh safely. So then I would read them
out loud and just think about the little
girl in me um and start reading books
about how we safely cross the street
just like you would if you have a little
one in your home, your little child or
your grandchild or your your niece or
your nephew. Same thing you're teaching
them. So books. So, anything that's
causing you trauma or fear or upset,
find a child's book on it and and read
and read to yourself. Um, the other
thing that's helpful is um children's
toys. So, I'll have uh color books and
uh and and they're not the adult color
books, they're like children's color
books. And some sometimes I'll get the
big fat crayons and I'll just start
coloring to to self soothe. um or um
this is a great way to process out
trauma. Uh as an adult, if you handr
write, it activates the um um analytical
side of the brain. It takes out the
emotion. You can write your trauma out
and get it out. It's like pussing a
wound. for for your child, get a uh
inside you, get a drawing pad and some
colors and let them just free color the
memories so that and they're going to
look like, you know, when I do this that
stick figures and everything else, but
that's not the point. The point is
you're you're letting the child in you
uh process that out and draw that out.
And then sense uh we have to be care
smells, we have to be careful with that
because that's the most triggering of
all. But I like Play-Doh. So, um,
whenever, you know, if the little girl
in me needs self soothing, I'll grab my
Play-Doh. Um, and, um, sometimes when
I'm shopping, like at Walmart, I'll go
in the toy section and see if that part
of me sees something that she would
like. And then, you know, I might color
Easter eggs. I um, again, I think it's a
gift because I think that adults that
don't go through this, everybody has
child parts. And sometime even in in
adults without trauma, they'll come out
at times if you snap at your loved one
or they'll just they'll come out because
that's not who you are. And you'll
wonder why did I do that? Well, it's cuz
the little child in you got triggered
somehow. It can happen to anyone. Um so
I am very much more aware of it because
of my background.
So I like um toys too. Toys
conversations um timeout.
So, you know, if you've got a
three-year-old who's misbehaving, I've
watched other children. I watched my
nieces one time and uh she has twins and
the boys were I think two, maybe three.
And one of them had a terrible time with
a temper, just terrible time. And he
would just go into these little
two-year-old fits. And I watched her and
she would put him in the corner and he
he hated it, but he'd do it. So, I
practiced that. That was helpful. And
then she started teaching her
two-year-old to self soothe. And she's
like, "Now go in your mind and just calm
down. Just just calm your body down and
think about that." And then I would
watch him be three and four years old
and his temper thing would start and
she'd be like, "Do you need to self
soo?" "Yes, mommy." And so he would just
get quiet and go in himself and calm
down. So, I watch what real parents do
because, you know, I'm so far removed
from having, you know, a two or
three-year-old. I'll watch what they do
that's successful and then I'll do that
for my own child part.
Thank you for sharing all of that. I
know it's going to be really helpful for
people on the other side of the screen
and even for people who aren't survivors
just to understand how to how to take
care of themselves and that it's okay to
let that child and all of us come out
and to be able to soo that and and and
treat ourselves to a popsicle or a
coloring book and that it can actually
be very very healing. Even Kathy O'Brien
talks about just writing, you know, and
the power of taking your thoughts and
expressing them through your hands in
some way creativity, create creatively.
And I really appreciate that that that
you just shared. And speaking of, I
wanted to give you an opportunity to
talk about QGRIT, to talk about your
work, what you're doing for survivors,
your podcast, um, because you really do
offer a lot of resources for us and a
lot of amazing services that you've put
that entrepreneurial spin on and
contributed to this movement. So, I
wanted to give you an opportunity to
talk about that because I think it could
be really helpful for some people.
Oh, wonderful. So, thank you. um a uh a
few years before um God told me to start
speaking
uh he started giving me ideas for the
afterare of the little ones once they're
rescued from the tunnels and above
ground and I would just take notes and
and just take notes and write it down
and keep it in folders and at that time
I had no idea how it would be. I
couldn't even imagine speaking although
I knew one day I would and I would just
whatever he said his ideas um and the
day before I spoke on Michael Jacob's
show on that 4242 24 date the full hour
show um I thought oh gosh he's going to
ask me where do people go to learn more
well I didn't have anything and I
thought I can't so my human resource
consulting website is lynhaggerman.com
and I thought that doesn't make sense so
I took all those notes that God had
given me over the years and I created
qrit.org the day before the show
and um and of course I' I've grown it
since then. So you're seeing you know
it's probably changed about 25% 30%
anyway.
So this is the information that God told
me um and it's to um heal the help the
afterare for the children who've been
harmed. Um it's also for the adults um
who've been harmed um have PTSD trauma
um because of what happened to them as a
child. So to help them with their
healing
and uh journey uh toward recovery and
then it it's uh also to help anyone with
trauma of any kind because trauma is
trauma. So vets um or police officers or
people with long-term medical conditions
or someone who's lost a loved one too
soon. It's it's trauma is trauma is
trauma. So what I have is um what I do
now to help people and that's what
you're looking at now. So so now I'm
trying to fund the afterare. So I do u
coaching and training on all these
things we talked about today. Um, I
share LifeWave because I mentioned
earlier it decreased my PTSD and anxiety
by 70%. Um, and not only that, I used to
wear glasses and now I don't. I used to
have IBS and now I don't. Um, it
increased my athletic performance
significantly. So, there's even more
there than for trauma. And then I still
use my human resource consulting
business. So, so this is how I fund.
This is, you know, I I work very hard
and and when people uh do these things,
so I know, for example, everyone who
reaches out to me through LifeWave,
they're not only wanting to help
themselves or a little one, but they're
supporting and encouraging me and that
means the world to me. Um, so this is
where I'm at now is speaking and using
my gifts to earn income and get the
funding. uh because of the next stages
um that will be in um and giving my
testimony um anywhere I can which I do
I'm on I have a podcast the Lynn Scott
Haggerman show on Rumble and I just
started uh YouTube
um about a month ago I think I have 14
followers so far and uh that's Lynn
Scott Haggererman and then um uh my
lifewave uh website is liveyou
youngerwithlind.com
I'm on truthocial uh at victory always
and I'm on X at Haggerman 91741.
So yes, this is this is me being me
having five million things going at the
same time.
And then uh you'll also see on the
qgrit.org
um um what's coming up in the future.
So, that includes um long-term housing.
Um on Yeah, underneath
the more there's
future plans and phases. There you go.
So, I'm on phase one and then um phase
two is going to be um
wellness centers and transformation
centers. So you can consider like um um
day uh
not in not like long-term housing. This
would be like helping out um during your
day. So, that that's the initial and
then uh soon hopefully um I'm going to
have um long-term facilities to house
the children because so many children uh
who will be rescued aren't going to have
families and we're going to need uh
long-term housing. It takes many years
to recover. So, phase two and three are
more for the adults uh than anything to
help the adults with um trauma of any
kind. Um, and then the other phases are
long-term care for the children. And so,
for example, there's a college for sale
in the town I live at. And my hope is
for um the funding to be able to buy the
college and then we can uh that'd be the
perfect perfect facility for the
children. Uh, and then we can just
remodel it. And I love to use that as a
um prototype uh and then go uh
throughout the nation and the world. Now
I will say that through LifeWave, God is
using me like a magnet and I am finding
people uh throughout the nation and now
internationally
that God has given them plans too for
the children and uh the these long-term
housing facilities. And I have someone
who has a animal rehab center in
California. I have someone for example
in Texas that God gave her a plan 20
years ago. It includes retired people to
help the children, to help raise them. I
mean, we have beautiful people all over
the world that God's given plans to. So,
it's not just going to be me doing this.
It's going to be um uh many people. Uh
but then that's the next phase is the uh
long-term housing because it's going to
take a long time for the children to
heal. Um and then I also have under the
let's find missing kids kids tab. Uh in
February of this year, Tom Hman
deputized every US citizen to find the
missing children uh from the Biden
administration. We have 900,000 that are
missing. And so what this page is, it
tells people um right now it's um simply
Sorry, Thunder. Gracie jumped. I'm
sorry. Made me jump too.
No worries.
So it's uh to call ICE and um when you
see something, say something. So
it's not like we're supposed to go uh
Rambo anybody. It's um if you think
someone's being trafficked to call ICE
and you can call or fill in an online
form. It's very anonymous. So I also put
on this page how to recognize if a child
is being trafficked so you know what
you're looking like looking at. How to
recognize if a ch child is being harmed
uh in any way. And then I also give tips
on this page about um what to do and
what not to do in those cases because I
have found um since I've been speaking
many people reaching out and just this
they see the signs in a child they love
and they're like what do I do? So first
I recommend what not to do. Um I find
overall our systems are extremely
corrupt and if you enter the system um
you're not going to get a lot of help if
anything possibly more harm done to the
children. Um and I believe that we the
people have got this and arm in arm we
can help each other and so I list um
what not to do and I list what to do.
And of course there's a contact page
that people reach out to me at any time.
So I try to put
uh information there and I do believe
that we'll be doing this worldwide once
we find all the children in the United
States. Um, so that's that mission. And
then I also have under the more tab
ideas for all the listeners to do
because I get asked all the time, what
can I do? And um there's going to uh
yeah, the what can you do?
So there's a whole list of what people
can do like the improve your physical
and mental health. We're going to need
people to help these children and we
need you guys healthy to be able to help
them. And so that's um that that's
number one. I mean u you know it's like
in the the airplane, put your oxygen
mask on first. So we need you healthy
and then ask God what your part is. I
have a whole list here. So we're going
to need people to for example who have
animal therapies. Uh we're going to need
people who have um who are prayer
warriors, deliverance ministries, uh
gardening. We need healthy food for the
children and nutritionists. And we need
um um just so many things that people
can do. So this is a very I'm a
businesswoman. So this is a very
actionoriented
um this is what you can do. And I
believe if everyone um asked God and
just praise
what is your part and then um uh start
taking one step toward it and then
another step and then he's bringing us
together. I see him do that now. Emma, I
see him I feel like a magnet. I'm sure
others do too that are survivors. I see
him gathering people
to different ministries like like my my
little YouTube. Um I have 14 followers
now. And a week ago I had someone reach
out to me, a couple, and they're
retired, I think in their 70s, and she
was watching YouTube,
some big popular show, and the next show
up was mine. And she's like, well, 14
followers blew it off. Happened three
times. And then finally she's like,
okay, God. So she listened and then she
found the kindred spirit because God
gave her a similar plan
for something that she's calling
Ponderosa. And that's an old old I don't
know how old show with like a a
beautiful place in nature that helped
people. Um, and so now she's on my
LifeWave team and this is what's
happening. It's it's a gathering um of
people and and we're slowly everyone's
slowly learning their part and what
they're going to do and how it's going
to be done and we're all going a step at
a time hand in hand, shouldertoshoulder
and we are going to get this thing done.
I mean we are and um I'm I am their
voice. So you're going to hear more and
more of these people on podcasts. I'm
like I'm like you. doing a bit but but a
bit different. You know, it's like um we
need to get stories out and what's
happening out. I want to give people
hope that there are people who care and
I mean a lot of people care. They just
don't know what to do.
Yeah.
People taking action and this is just
very very actionoriented.
Thank you so much for explaining all
this. Your website is just a wealth of
information and resources and I love
that you packed so much into it. And
also, this is uh likely probably the
best place for people to to contact you.
I've seen that um a little contact icon
come up multiple times on this site. So,
for people who are interested in
supporting your mission, if they are
interested in working with you um with
coaching and or from a business
perspective and or lifewave, um you guys
can get a hold of Lynn directly here on
her website. And if you're an advocate,
if you're a therapist looking to learn
more, this is a great resource for you
guys to just go browse through. There's
tons of tabs, tons of information, and
obviously you guys can donate here to
her mission as well. Help her achieve
her the rest of stage one and then the
um stage two. Let's get let's get Lynn
on her way to making her dreams come
true for this. Um none of this is cheap
what we do and obviously we're not going
to get support from government and and
different agencies. So, we have to help
support each other on this mission. And
then, obviously, you guys can connect
with her and contact her on here, too.
And she has podcasts that she's done,
keys to transformation, lots of great
resources on this website that you guys
can tap into, as well as her podcast on
Rumble and YouTube. Now, congratulations
on doing this podcasting and speaking
out. It's a huge step and it's amazing
what you've done in such a short time
with all these guests and videos that
you have. So, if you guys also want to
follow her podcast, I'm going to have
that listed. If you're on Rumble or
YouTube, it's the Lynn Scott Haggererman
Show. You guys can just type that in and
find it. But if you're having trouble
with that, I'll have it linked in the
show notes so you guys can go connect
with her there and support her. Please
go watch her videos. It's incredible
when we get free resources. I know a lot
of us don't have a ton of money that we
can necessarily spend on on tons of
books and and things like that. And it's
always really amazing whenever creators
give us ways that we can learn for free.
And Lynn's done that with hours and
hours and hours of content that you guys
can go subscribe to and share. That's a
great way that you guys can pay her back
is just share her podcast. Go share it
with a friend. Share it on your social
media. Watch it. Comment on it. Help
support her. Give her more followers.
let let anybody that that has their eye
on her know that we have our eyes on
her, too. And we're going to protect her
and support her and stand by her. Um,
and so, Lynn, thank you for creating all
of this for us and for all the work that
you're doing for this community, for the
coaching that you're doing to help
people heal, for all the free content
that that you're making in addition to
all of the ways that you're helping
resource yourself so you can continue
doing this work. Um, and it's it's just
incredible. It's amazing seeing what
what you've been able to do in such a
short time and I know it's going to give
tons of people hope who feel hopeless or
who don't know what to do. You're giving
us all the solutions on how to overcome
all of that. So, thank you from the
bottom of my heart.
You are very welcome and thank you from
I mean I just uh you are such a a great
I love your words and just you're just
so gracious. You're just a profound
speaker um with your words. It blesses
me to the bottom of my soul and um thank
you so much for having me on. I mean it
has just been I love um uh deep diving
into things. Um I I love your long form
interviews um and and I you know most
podcasts are shorter which is fine you
know but I love that that your show is
more of a deep dive so we can have a
lengthy conversation and you know I feel
like I was able to uh just share so much
and um thank you. I'll be able to share
this on my channel because you're right
before we started. Um my um tribe uh
loves to hear more about my story. So
they'll hear several things that they've
not heard before, too. And it's an honor
to have you on. I have a feeling this is
just the first of many times that you're
going to be on. I know there's so much
that we could have, you know, taken more
deep dives into, and I look forward to
doing that in the future. But thank you
for everything that you did share today.
I know it's going to give a lot of
people validation, hope, puzzle pieces
to their own puzzle and education,
empowerment, and um just really honored
to have you on and grateful for all your
support of this podcast, of survivors,
for all the work that you're doing, and
um can't wait to have you back on. Is
there anything else that you wanted to
share or leave people with before we
wrap up?
I want to give people hope. Um I want to
give people hope. if if I can do this
and I did, you can too. Um, so it is
work. Um, and as you said, Emma, I've
I've outlined on my website everything
that I've done uh in short form. Um,
that has gotten me to the person that
you see today. Um, not just a survivor,
but beyond Thor. And if I can do it, you
can do it, too. So, I want to give
people hope uh that there is light at
the end of the tunnel and you can do
this and uh we're here to help. Uh none
of us are alone. Um and my my my little
tribes gathering just like Emma's little
tribes gathering and now I'm part of
Emma's little tribe and so so this is
just you know shouldertoshoulder hand in
hand. We are going to do this thing.
We're going to stop it and we're going
to help people and we're going to heal
people and we are going to get to the
other side and we're going to do it
together and and it's going to happen.
Amen. Enough is enough. Now is the time
and uh we're so grateful for everything
that that you're contributing to it. I
know it's going to span the test of time
and and make waves and change so many
lives. And I can't wait to see what else
God uses you for because you've done so
much and you're just beginning. And so
for everybody listening, I'm going to
have all of Lynn's information in the
show notes. support her, follow her,
donate to her, connect with her if
you're looking for coaching, share her
information with other survivors,
advocates, therapists, help connect her,
resource her, and then on your end, soak
up everything that she's giving you,
too, because there's so much for us to
learn from her as well that she's
providing. Um, so I'm going to have all
her information in the show notes. You
guys can connect with her from her
website, which I'll have below, as well.
Um, I'll have her social media, her
podcast. So, just in every way that you
can, go lift up survivors. It's a really
free and easy way that you guys can
contribute for all of those the people
out there that always say, "What can I
do? What can I do?" It's really easy
thing to just go follow, support, and
share their content that they're making,
support their business. Um, so I'm going
to have all that in the show notes. I'll
have all my links as well. You guys
connect with me wherever you can. We
couldn't do this without you, and we're
so grateful for all your support. Thank
you guys for listening today. God bless
you all and we will see you next time.